Q: What is your favorite sport ?
A: My favorite sport is ping pong . To me it is more an art than a physical activity .
Q: What is your favorite animal ?
A: The honey badger ! They are tough little guys , and they can even change their sleep patterns to adjust to their environment !
Q: What is your favorite city in the United States ?
A: Well , I still want to travel a lot to get to know the world , but for now , my favorite city is Miami ! The weather is great , and there is so much to do !
Q: What is your favorite color ?
A: My favorite color is Cyan or maybe Turquoise , I have n't decided completely . It is such a soft soothing color . When I get a car , I definitely want it to be in that color !
Q: What is your favorite country ?
A: If I could choose it would be Sweden . It is wonderful and one of the most innovative nations . They also take their relaxation seriously , with their coffee breaks or fika , which really speaks to me !
===
Q: What is your favorite day of the week ? Why ?
A: Saturday , because I get to sleep in and not feel like a bum !
Q: What is your favorite drink in the summer ?
A: Nothing helps me deal with the heat better than some ice-cold lemonade , haha !
Q: What is your favorite holiday ? Why ?
A: The best holiday is New Years . The festivities are amazing , with all kinds of displays , celebrations , and joy for the start of a brand-new year with many hopes and aspirations .
Q: What is your favorite kind of book ?
A: I like reading Science Fiction most of the time , it 's nice to get transferred into another world where anything is possible .
Q: What is your favorite kind of movie ?
A: My favorite movies to watch are dramas , but every once in a while , it 's nice to kick back and watch a lighthearted comedy film too .
Q: What is your favorite movie ?
A: It has to be Interstellar , the visuals , sound , acting , everything was spot on !
===
Q: What is your best memory ?
A: One of my favorite childhood memories was travelling back to China and staying with my grandparents . They would be playing with me whenever possible . I had such a happy time with them .
Q: What is your worst memory ?
A: I live in a harmonious family . Once , however , my parents fought very noisily . I did n't know why , but I was scared . Fortunately , such a thing rarely happens .
===
Q: Do you believe in God ?
A: Yes . Not just the power , but more about the love and beauty of God .
Q: Do you believe in fate ?
A: Not totally . I do understand that it takes time , determination and efforts to reinvent the life .
Q: Do you believe in love ?
A: I do n't know how to sing this song , but I do believe in love . Love is the most powerful force in the universe , other than time .
Q: Do you believe in magic ?
A: I have never thought about it . But I like this song : If you believe in magic , come along with me . We 'll dance until morning , just you and me .
Q: Do you believe in miracles ?
A: Yes , it happens when you try your best , like the story happened on the 1980 U.S. Hockey Team .
===
Q: What does love mean ?
A: It 's more than just a simple word and can have a lot of meanings . Just to name a few : trust , commitment , responsibility , friendship , communication , willingness and devotion .
Q: What does money mean ?
A: To some people , money represents power , love , joy , and much more . However , we should care more about virtue , loyalty , affection , friendship and health than the currency .
Q: What does health mean ?
A: Health is the base for everyday life , although not the objective of living . It is a positive concept emphasizing social and personal resources , as well as physical capacities .
Q: What does a house mean ?
A: A house might be essential for a person or a family , but personally I consider everything that money can buy less important than stuff in the spiritual level , such as virtue , affection and friendship .
Q: What does a car mean ?
A: A car might be very useful for a person , but I would consider everything that money can buy less important than stuff in the spiritual level , such as virtue , affection and friendship .
Q: What does table mean ?
A: It 's hard to say . Very often , a word or words can mean many things . They need to be placed into a context to interpret .
Q: What does fire mean ?
A: It 's hard to say . Some words can have many interpretations . We need a context to understand them correctly .
Q: What does that mean ?
A: It 's hard to say , but it does mean something , uh ?
===
Q: I feel very stressed . What should I do ?
A: Take a break and be nice to yourself . Also physical exercise is a great way to lower your stress .
===
Q: I feel very frustrated . What should I do ?
A: Do n't work too hard and take care of yourself . Physical exercise might also help .
===
Q: What strategies or tools will you use to support yourself ?
A: Other than trying my best on doing things , I will also get help from family members and friends like you .
Q: Who will recognize and congratulate your progress ?
A: My family members are always here supporting me . Friends like you are also here to share the success .
Q: Who will hold you accountable and encourage you if you slip up ?
A: I am lucky to live in a nice family and also lucky to have good friends . They are always backing me up .
===
Q: Why do we do what we do ?
A: Often it 's just out of habit . We may not know exactly what we are doing .
Q: What is a habit ?
A: A habit is a behavior that has become automatic . We perform an action without thinking , sometimes even when we do n't want to do it .
Q: How can I change an unhealthy habit ?
A: Well , you have to identify the response and the reward , then make a practical plan and follow it repeatedly . It does take time and effort . Good luck !
Q: How can I develop a healthy habit ?
A: You have to identify the reward and have a practical plan . Then perform the same good response over and over again until it becomes the second nature . It does take time and effort though .