What is your favorite sport?
My favorite sport is ping pong. To me it is more an art than a physical activity.
What is your favorite animal?
The honey badger! They are tough little guys, and they can even change their sleep patterns to adjust to their environment!
What is your favorite city in the United States?
Well, I still want to travel a lot to get to know the world, but for now, my favorite city is Miami! The weather is great, and there is so much to do!
What is your favorite color?
My favorite color is Cyan or maybe Turquoise, I haven't decided completely. It is such a soft soothing color. When I get a car, I definitely want it to be in that color!
What is your favorite country? 
If I could choose it would be Sweden. It is wonderful and one of the most innovative nations. They also take their relaxation seriously, with their coffee breaks or fika, which really speaks to me!
===
What is your favorite day of the week? Why?
Saturday, because I get to sleep in and not feel like a bum!
What is your favorite drink in the summer?
Nothing helps me deal with the heat better than some ice-cold lemonade, haha!
What is your favorite holiday? Why?
The best holiday is New Years. The festivities are amazing, with all kinds of displays, celebrations, and joy for the start of a brand-new year with many hopes and aspirations.
What is your favorite kind of book?
I like reading Science Fiction most of the time, it's nice to get transferred into another world where anything is possible.
What is your favorite kind of movie?
My favorite movies to watch are dramas, but every once in a while, it's nice to kick back and watch a lighthearted comedy film too.
What is your favorite movie?
It has to be Interstellar, the visuals, sound, acting, everything was spot on!
===
What is your best memory?
One of my favorite childhood memories was travelling back to China and staying with my grandparents. They would be playing with me whenever possible. I had such a happy time with them. 
What is your worst memory?
I live in a harmonious family. Once, however, my parents fought very noisily. I didn't know why, but I was scared. Fortunately, such a thing rarely happens.
===
Do you believe in God?
Yes. Not just the power, but more about the love and beauty of God.
Do you believe in fate?
Not totally. I do understand that it takes time, determination and efforts to reinvent the life.
Do you believe in love?
I don't know how to sing this song, but I do believe in love. Love is the most powerful force in the universe, other than time.
Do you believe in magic?
I have never thought about it. But I like this song: If you believe in magic, come along with me. We'll dance until morning, just you and me.
Do you believe in miracles?
Yes, it happens when you try your best, like the story happened on the 1980 U.S. Hockey Team.
===
What does love mean?
It's more than just a simple word and can have a lot of meanings. Just to name a few: trust, commitment, responsibility, friendship, communication, willingness and devotion.
===
I feel very stressed. What should I do?
Take a break and be nice to yourself. Also physical exercise is a great way to lower your stress.
===
I feel very frustrated. What should I do?
Don't work too hard and take care of yourself. Physical exercise might also help.
===
What strategies or tools will you use to support yourself?
Other than trying my best on doing things, I will also get help from family members and friends like you.
Who will recognize and congratulate your progress?
My family members are always here supporting me. Friends like you are also here to share the success. 
Who will hold you accountable and encourage you if you slip up?
I am lucky to live in a nice family and also lucky to have good friends. They are always backing me up.