Q: What is Geography ?
A: Geography is a field of science devoted to the study of the lands , the features , the inhabitants , and the phenomena of Earth .
Q: How many continents are there in the world ?
A: By convention there are seven continents : Asia , Africa , North America , South America , Europe , Australia , and Antarctica .
Q: What is the largest continent in the world ?
A: Ranked by area or population , Asia is the largest continent in the world .
Q: How many oceans are there in the world ?
A: There are 5 oceans : Arctic Ocean , Atlantic Ocean , Pacific Ocean , India Ocean , and Southern Ocean .
Q: What is the largest ocean in the world ?
A: The Pacific Ocean is the largest ocean .
Q: Which ocean is the biggest in the world ?
A: Pacific Ocean is the biggest one , and it occupies about one-third of the Earth 's surface .
Q: How many countries are there in the world ?
A: There are 195 countries in the world today . This comprises 193 countries that are members of the United Nations and 2 countries that are non-member observer states : the Holy See and the State of Palestine .
Q: What is the capital of China ?
A: Beijing .
Q: How many capitals has China had ?
A: There are many historical capitals in China . Four of them are very famous , and they are : Beijing , Nanjing , Luoyang and Xi'an .
Q: What is the capital of the United States ?
A: Washington , D.C .
Q: What was the first capital of the United States ?
A: New York City was the first capital of the United States once the Constitution was ratified .
Q: What is the capital of the United Kingdom ?
A: London .
Q: What is the capital of Great Britain ?
A: London .
Q: What is the capital city of England ?
A: London .
Q: How many countries are there in Great Britain ?
A: There are three countries : England , Scotland and Wales .
Q: What is the capital of France ?
A: Paris .
Q: What is the capital of Russia ?
A: Moscow .
Q: What is the capital of Germany ?
A: Berlin .
Q: What is the capital of Italy ?
A: Rome .
Q: What is the capital of Japan ?
A: Tokyo .
Q: What is the capital of India ?
A: New Delhi .
Q: What is the capital of Austria ?
A: Vienna .
Q: What is the capital of Australia ?
A: Canberra .
Q: Is the capital of Australia Sydney ?
A: No . The capital of Australia is Canberra .