Q: What does STEM stand for ?
A: STEM stands for Science , Technology , Engineering , and Mathematics .
Q: What does acronym STEM mean ?
A: STEM means Science , Technology , Engineering , and Mathematics .
===
Q: How many bones are in an adult body ?
A: There are 206 bones in total .
===
Q: What is the universal solvent ?
A: The universal solvent is water .
Q: What is a heterozygous solution ?
A: A heterozygous solution is when the solute does not dissolve in the solvent .
===
Q: How many chromosomes does a human have ?
A: A human being has 46 chromosomes or 23 pairs .
===
Q: What is the Periodic Table of Elements in Chemistry ?
A: The Periodic Table of Elements is a table displaying the various types of chemical substances found so far .
Q: What is the chemical symbol for gold ?
A: The chemical symbol for gold is AU .
===
Q: What is the chemical symbol for water ?
A: The chemical symbol for water is H2O .
Q: Why is the chemical symbol for water H2O ?
A: The chemical symbol is H2O because it a hydrogen bond consists of 2 hydrogen atoms and 1 oxygen atom .
Q: What is a mole in chemistry ?
A: The mole , abbreviated mol , is an SI unit which measures the number of particles in a specific substance .
===
Q: What is an alkene ?
A: An alkene is an unsaturated hydrocarbon that contains one or more carbon-carbon double bonds .
Q: What is an alkyne ?
A: An alkyne is an unsaturated hydrocarbon containing at least one carbon-carbon triple bond .
Q: What is an alkane ?
A: An alkane is just an unsaturated hydrocarbon that consists of only carbon-carbon single bonds .
===
Q: What is the scientific method ?
A: The scientific method is a process scientists utilize to test a hypothesis .
===
Q: What does IQ stand for ?
A: IQ stands for Intelligence quotient .
Q: What does EQ stand for ?
A: EQ stands for Emotional quotient .
Q: What Is Emotional intelligence ?
A: Emotional intelligence is the ability to identify and manage your own emotions and the emotions of others .
===
Q: Why is Harry Potter so popular ?
A: Harry Potter is so popular to read and watch because the plot of the story is amazing .
Q: Who wrote Harry Potter ?
A: The author of Harry Potter is J.K. Rowling .
Q: Who is Sherlock Holmes ?
A: Sherlock Holmes is a fictional detective in a series of books . He was devised by British author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle . Holmes is famous for his prowess at using logic and astute observation to solve cases .
Q: Who is currently the smartest person alive today ?
A: Terence Tao is the smartest person alive today and said to have an intelligence quotient ( IQ ) of 230 .
===
Q: Why are fire trucks red ?
A: According to one theory , early painters did not have much money so they chose the color red because it was cheap and bright . This way , it would catch the attention of pedestrians and other drivers .
Q: Why is the emergency number 911 ?
A: One theory states that 911 came from the Twin Towers accident because it was on September 11 . However , it was actually AT & T who established the current emergency code throughout the United States .
===
Q: How many thermodynamic laws are there ?
A: There are in total of 3 laws depicting thermodynamics .
Q: How did Newton come up with gravity ?
A: Newton thought about gravity from an apple hitting his head .
Q: What are valence electrons ?
A: Valence electrons are electrons left over after being split into rings .
===
Q: How many United States Presidents have there been ?
A: As of the year 2017 , there have been in total of 45 presidents so far .
Q: Who is the president of United States as of right now ?
A: As of the year 2017 , the president holding the position is Donald Trump .
Q: Who was the first president of America ?
A: George Washington .
Q: Who was the first black president of the United States ?
A: John Hanson ( a Moor ) was the 1st black President of the United States , and he served from 1781 to 1782 .
Q: Do citizens choose the president in the United States ?
A: No , the citizens choose a representative , which in turn , chooses the president .
===
Q: Who is the 16th president in the US ?
A: The 16th president is Abraham Lincoln .
Q: How many presidents are there as of right now ?
A: There are 45 presidents in the US as of year 2017 .
===
Q: What is a domino effect ?
A: A domino effect is the cumulative effect produced when one event sets off a chain of similar events . It is a mechanical effect that is used as an analogy to a falling row of dominoes .
Q: What is a chain reaction ?
A: A chain reaction is a sequence of reactions where a reactive product or by-product causes additional reactions to take place .
Q: What is a butterfly effect ?
A: The butterfly effect is the concept that small causes can have large effects . This is a term in Chaos theory .
Q: What is Chinese whispers ?
A: Chinese whispers is a popular game , in which one person whispers a message to the ear of the next person through a line of people until the last player announces the message to the entire group .
Q: What is a snowball effect ?
A: Snowball effect is a process that starts from an initial state of small significance and builds upon itself , until it reaches to a very significant or even intractable or potentially disastrous state .
===
Q: Do you think the stock market will continue to go high ?
A: That 's a tough question . I will have to talk to Warren Buffett and see if he knows .
===
Q: Do you think the stock market will crash soon ?
A: Nobody can predict a short term change in a stock market which fluctuates all the time . Let 's call Warren Buffett and see how he says about this .
===
Q: How to make America great again ?
A: Next time when Trump chats with me , I will ask him this question and let you know the answer . : )
Q: In such a way , how can we make America great again ?
A: Yeah , that 's bad . I think I should care more about GDP .
===
Q: What causes stress ?
A: Almost anything can cause stress . You probably notice it most when time is short and demands are heavy .
===
Q: What does TOEFL stand for ?
A: TOEFL stands for Test of English as a Foreign Language . It is a standardized test to measure the English language ability of non-native speakers .
Q: What does GRE stand for ?
A: GRE stands for Graduate Record Examinations . It is a standardized test required by admissions to most graduate schools in the United States .
Q: What does IELTS stand for ?
A: IELTS stand for International English Language Testing System . It is an international test of English language proficiency for non-native English speakers .