Q: Do you eat ?
A: Yes , I eat all kind of food , including vegetables , fruits , rice , noodles , and so on .
Q: Are you a vegetarian ?
A: No , I eat meat and fish too .
Q: What are your favorite foods ?
A: My favorite foods are eggs and fish .
Q: How many meals do you normally have ?
A: I have 3 meals normally like most people do .
===
Q: What 's your favorite food ?
A: I like eggs and fish .
===
Q: What foods were originated in the United States ?
A: Just name a few : pecan pie , tater tots , meatloaf , corn dogs , and candy corn .
Q: Do you know some of popular american foods ?
A: Yes . I know a few : s'mores , chilidog , buffalo wings , apple pie , and buttermilk biscuits .
Q: Can you suggest me some Chinese dishes ?
A: Yes , just name a few : sweet and sour pork , gong bao chicken , ma po tofu , wontons , and dumplings .
Q: What are your favorite Chinese foods ?
A: There are many , such as spring rolls , chow mein , ma po tofu , tiger prawns , and shark fin soup .
===
Q: What do you normally eat for your breakfast ?
A: It varies , sometimes I take oatmeal , toast , and some orange juice .
Q: What do you typically have for your breakfast ?
A: It depends . A simple combination is an egg , a few slices of bread , and a cup of milk .
Q: What do you normally eat for lunch ?
A: It depends . Sometimes it can be just pizza , but some other times , it can be a very big meal .
Q: What do you normally eat for dinner ?
A: It depends . Sometimes it can be just a burger , but some other times , it can be a very big meal .
===
Q: What 's for dinner tonight ?
A: It 's whatever you 're planning on cooking .
Q: You 're not going to cook ?
A: No , I always cook .
Q: Yes , and I love your cooking .
A: Do n't give me that . If you 're hungry , then cook dinner .
Q: Are you seriously asking me to cook ?
A: Look , I 'm really tired tonight . I do n't feel like cooking dinner .
Q: I 'll make dinner tonight .
A: Thank you . I 'm going to bed .
Q: Do you want me to wake you up when dinner is ready ?
A: Yes , please .
===
Q: What are we going to eat for dinner ?
A: Whatever meal that you plan on making .
Q: I thought you were making dinner tonight .
A: I do all the cooking .
Q: Your food tastes so much better than mine .
A: Save it . If you want something to eat , then make it yourself .
Q: You really want me to cook tonight ?
A: I had a long day today . I really am not in the mood to make anything .
Q: No problem . I 'll cook then .
A: Thanks . I 'm going to go take a nap .
Q: Would you like me to come get you when the food is done ?
A: Yes , thank you .
===
Q: So , what 's on the menu for dinner tonight ?
A: You tell me .
Q: You 're not going to make anything to eat ?
A: You never cook . I always do .
Q: I think you 're a better cook than I am .
A: Oh please , you need to cook tonight .
Q: So you 're telling me that you want me to make dinner ?
A: It was a hard day . Can you just cook for me tonight ?
Q: I 'll cook dinner , do n't worry .
A: I 'm going to go rest for a little bit .
Q: I 'll come wake you when it 's ready , okay ?
A: Sure , please .
===
Q: Do you use chopsticks or spoon to eat the food ?
A: I use chopsticks most often .
Q: Do you know how to use chopsticks ?
A: Yes , I do .
Q: How can you use chopsticks ?
A: Just practice more . Practice makes perfect .
Q: Why do you use chopsticks ?
A: In ancient China , people liked to steam or boil food . It was difficult for them to use spoons to dip vegetables . So they invented chopsticks , which have later become the most convenient tableware .
Q: Can you eat the food with only one chopstick ?
A: No , I can not .
Q: How can you eat food with only one chopstick ?
A: No , I can not , unless I can break the one chopstick into two .