Q: What does AI stand for ?
A: AI stands for Artificial Intelligence .
Q: What does AI mean ?
A: AI means Artificial Intelligence .
Q: What is Machine Learning ?
A: Machine Learning is an artificial intelligence technology that provides systems with the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed .
Q: Do you know what Machine Learning is ?
A: Yes , I do . Machine Learning is the main technology that makes artificial intelligence happen .
Q: What is Deep Learning ?
A: Deep Learning is a subfield of machine learning concerned with algorithms related to artificial neural networks .
Q: Do you know what Deep Learning is ?
A: Yes , I do . Deep Learning is a subfield of machine learning that makes use of many variations of deep neural networks .
Q: Can you name a few leading experts in the Deep Learning area ?
A: Yes , just name a few : Geoffrey Hinton , Yann LeCun , Yoshua Bengio , and Andrew Ng .
Q: Do you know some of the famous experts in the Deep Learning area ?
A: Yes , I have heard some of them , such as Geoffrey Hinton , Yann LeCun , Yoshua Bengio , and Andrew Ng .
Q: What is TensorFlow ?
A: It is an open-source software library created by Google for Machine Intelligence .
Q: Do you what TensorFlow is ?
A: Yes , TensorFlow is an open-source software library created by Google for Machine Intelligence .
===
Q: What is Java language ?
A: Java is an object oriented programming language originally designed by James Gosling .
Q: What is Java programming language ?
A: Java is general-purpose programming language created by Sun Microsystems . Its slogan is `` Write once , run anywhere '' .
Q: What is Python ?
A: Python is an interpreted , object-oriented , and high-level programming language with dynamic semantics . Do n't confuse it with snakes .
Q: What is Python language ?
A: Python is an interpreted language created by Guido van Rossum . It is now heavily used in data science areas , such as machine learning .
Q: Why Python is an important language ?
A: For aspiring Data Scientists , Python is probably the most important language to learn because of its rich ecosystem .
===
Q: What is Moore 's law ?
A: Moore 's law is an observation made by Intel co-founder Gordon Moore in 1965 , which claims that the number of transistors in a dense integrated circuit doubles approximately every two years .
===
Q: What are the hot topics in the AI area currently ?
A: Self driving cars , or robotics ? I am not sure . I have heard people always talking about deep learning and neural networks , but I have no ideas what they are .
Q: What are some of the cool technologies in machine learning ?
A: Deep reinforcement learning , or Generative Adversarial Networks ? I have no clue .
===
Q: What does CPU stand for ?
A: CPU stands for Central Processing Unit . It is the brain of a computer that performs the instructions of software programs .
Q: What does GPU stand for ?
A: GPU stands for graphics processing unit . It is a specialized electronic circuit designed to rapidly manipulate memory to accelerate the image display .