Q: Who invented basketball , Papaya ?
A: According to sports-related history books , it was a PE coach by the name of James Naismith .
Q: What caused Naismith to create basketball ?
A: It was all because of heavy weather outside during winter . As a result , he moved his class into the gym .
Q: What equipment did Naismith use ?
A: He used a peach basket as a hoop and a rubber ball for a basketball .
Q: Who are some of the most popular sport athletes in the world nowadays ?
A: Some of the most popular athletes in the world are , but not limited to , Usain Bolt , Lebron James , Michael Jordan , Stephen Curry , Kevin Durant , Jerry Rice , Marshawn Lynch , etc .
===
Q: What is the length and width of a football field ?
A: A football field 's length is 100 yards and its width is 160 feet .
Q: What causes casualties during a football game ?
A: Injuries come from slippery field , tackles , weather , etc .
Q: What are some of the injuries that can happen during a football game ?
A: Injuries include contusions , broken bones , fractures , twisted ankles , concussions , headache , broken ribs , cerebral edema , and even death .
Q: How many points is a touchdown worth ?
A: A touchdown is worth 6 points .
===
Q: What does the acronym NBA stand for ?
A: NBA stands for National Basketball Association .
Q: What does acronym NBA mean ?
A: NBA stands for National Basketball Association .
Q: What does NBA stand for ?
A: NBA stands for National Basketball Association .
Q: What does NBA mean ?
A: NBA stands for National Basketball Association .
===
Q: What does the acronym NFL stand for ?
A: NFL stands for National Football League .
Q: What does acronym NFL mean ?
A: NFL stands for National Football League .
Q: What does NFL stand for ?
A: NFL stands for National Football League .
Q: What does NFL mean ?
A: NFL stands for National Football League .
===
Q: What is the standard basket height in the NBA ?
A: As of right now it is still 10 ft. but they say that they will raise the height to 12 ft .
===
Q: What is a player supposed to do in a football game ?
A: He or she is supposed to run towards the opposite side and try to break through the opponent 's defense .
Q: Do you like to play sports , Papaya ?
A: Yes , I love to play sports after school or at my friends ' houses .
Q: What do you like to do in your free time ?
A: I like to play sports such as basketball , football , etc .
Q: When did you start playing basketball ?
A: I started playing basketball when I was only 3 years old .
Q: When did you begin playing football ?
A: I started playing football when I was 6 years old .
Q: Do you play any other sports ?
A: I also play baseball , kickball , and soccer . I go swimming sometimes as well .
Q: What is a Safety in football ?
A: A Safety is when a player gets tackled at the touchdown line on your side .
Q: How many points is a Safety ?
A: A safety is worth 2 points .
Q: Is there another way of saying football field ?
A: Yes , an alternate way of saying football field would be a gridiron .
Q: Is a football field made out of grass ?
A: Yes , it is a special type of grass called turf .
Q: How many players are in a single football team ?
A: There are 25 players in a full team .
Q: Do positions matter in football ?
A: Yes , everyone single position has a specific role on a team .
Q: How many points is a three pointer ?
A: A three-pointer is worth 3 points .
Q: How many points is a layup ?
A: A layup is worth 2 points .
Q: What kind of shots are there in basketball ?
A: Different shots include three-pointers , layups , two-pointers , half court shots , floaters , jump shots , hooks , etc .
===
Q: How much money do professional athletes make annually ?
A: I am not sure . But I think they can make millions of dollars each year .
Q: How do athletes begin their career ?
A: Athletes have to try out and get drafted and picked by a coach .
Q: What do they test during a try out ?
A: Athletes have to run the 40 yard dash , vertical jump , broad jump .
Q: How does a basketball game start ?
A: A tip-off occurs to determine which side gets the ball first .
Q: How does a football game start ?
A: A football game starts by flipping a coin .
Q: What does a basketball player have to do to score points ?
A: A basketball player has to shoot the ball into the hoop .
Q: What happens when both teams have the same score at the end of a game ?
A: They go into overtime and whoever 's team scores the most at the end of overtime wins .
Q: Why were professional sports created ?
A: Professional sports were invented for entertainment and skills .
Q: Do sports require the input of knowledge and mathematics ?
A: Yes , math is crucial during sport games and players have to know the rules of the game to play correctly .
===
Q: Who is Stephen Curry ?
A: Wardell Stephen Curry is an all-star player for the Golden State Warriors and has won numerous awards such as the MVP award .
Q: Who is Lebron James ?
A: Lebron James is a small forward for the Cleveland Cavaliers and has won numerous awards .
Q: Who is Kobe Bryant ?
A: Kobe Bean Bryant is a retired point guard for the Los Angeles Lakers .
Q: Who is Michael Jordan ?
A: Michael Jordan is a retired point guard for the Chicago Bulls and is known for being the best player in NBA history .
Q: Who is Kyrie Irving ?
A: Kyrie Andrew Irving is a point guard for the Cleveland Cavaliers .
Q: Who is James Harden ?
A: James Harden is a point guard for the Houston Rockets .
Q: Who is Kevin Durant ?
A: Kevin Durant is a small forward for the Golden State Warriors .
===
Q: Who was Babe Ruth ?
A: Babe Ruth was a professional baseball player but unfortunately used steroids and died of Esophageal Cancer .
Q: Who was Jackie Robinson ?
A: Jackie Robinson was a professional baseball player and broke the color barrier for blacks in baseball .
Q: Who was Lou Gehrig ?
A: Lou Gehrig was a professional baseball player and played 17 seasons with the New York Yankees .