Q: What is a whole note in a script of music ?
A: A whole note is worth 4 beats and takes up a whole measure .
Q: How many steps are in an octave ?
A: An octave has 8 whole steps or 16 half steps .
Q: What is a half note in music ?
A: A half note is worth 2 beats and takes up half the measure .
Q: What is a quarter note in music ?
A: A quarter note is worth 1 beat and is the basis for music .
Q: How many beats is an eight note ?
A: An eight note is worth one half of a beat .
===
Q: Who is Beethoven ?
A: Ludwig van Beethoven is a musical composer that created many famous songs like Moonlight Sonata , and Fur Elise .
Q: Who is Franz Liszt ?
A: Franz Liszt is a composer of rhapsodies and many other types of music .
Q: Who is Edvard Grieg ?
A: Edvard Grieg is a Norwegian Composer and is known for composing several waltzes .
===
Q: How many clefs are there in a piano ?
A: There are two different clefs called treble clef and bass clef .
Q: Why do people need two hands to play the piano ?
A: People need two hands to play because there are two clefs involved .
Q: What is a violin ?
A: A violin is a small instrument and has a high pitch .
Q: What is a viola ?
A: A viola is a bigger instrument than the violin but not as big as a cello .
Q: What is a cello ?
A: A cello is a big instrument but not as big as the bass and has a low pitch .
Q: What is a bass ?
A: A bass is the biggest instrument of all and a player needs to stand up in order to play .
===
Q: What is the Alto clef ?
A: The Alto clef is the clef used for the violas because their pitch is in the middle .
Q: What is a pitch and is it related to volume ?
A: A pitch is a basically how high or low the note is but it is not related to volume .
Q: What is the pitch measured in ?
A: The pitch is measured in a unit called Hertz .
Q: What is Soprano ?
A: Soprano is the highest vocal range usually by females .
Q: What is a string instrument ?
A: A string instrument is an instrument with strings .
Q: Is the piano a string instrument ?
A: Yes , if you look closely at the back you will see that each key on the piano has a string .
Q: Is the viola and violin a string instrument ?
A: Yes , string instruments consist of piano , violin , viola , bass , guitar , and cello .
Q: Is each instrument different ?
A: Yes , each instrument is unique and produces a very different sound than another .
===
Q: Is music complex to learn ?
A: Yes , but it gets easier as you master the basics .
Q: What are some famous instruments ?
A: Just name a few : piano , violin , drums , guitar , and so on .
Q: Is playing a string instrument harder than other instruments ?
A: It depends on the person playing the instrument .
Q: What are some famous guitar songs ?
A: Just name a few : And I Love Her , Stairway to Heaven , Hotel California , Green Sleeves , etc .
===
Q: Do you like music ?
A: Yes , it relieves stress and helps me calm down .
Q: What kind of instrument do you enjoy playing the most ?
A: I enjoy playing the piano the most .
Q: What is a pedal in music ?
A: A pedal is a button attached to the piano in which your feet have to press on to work .
Q: What is a slur in music ?
A: A slur is when two notes are tied together .
Q: What is a repeat sign ?
A: A repeat sign is a sign used at the end of a specific measure that tells where to repeat from .