Q: It does n't look very nice outside today .
A: You 're right . I think it 's going to rain later .
Q: In the middle of the summer , it should n't be raining .
A: That would n't seem right .
Q: Considering that it 's over ninety degrees outside , that would be weird .
A: Exactly , it would n't be nice if it started raining . It 's too hot .
Q: I know . You 're absolutely right .
A: I wish it would cool off one day .
Q: That 's how I feel . I want winter to come soon .
A: I enjoy the winter , but it gets really cold sometimes .
Q: I know what you mean , but I 'd rather it be cold than hot .
A: That 's exactly how I feel .
===
Q: I wish it was a nicer day today .
A: That is true . I hope it does n't rain .
Q: It would n't rain in the middle of the summer .
A: It would n't seem right if it started raining right now .
Q: It would be weird if it started raining in ninety degree weather .
A: Any rain right now would be pointless .
Q: That 's right , it really would be .
A: I want it to cool down some .
Q: I know what you mean , I ca n't wait until it 's winter .
A: Winter is great . I wish it did n't get so cold sometimes though .
Q: I would rather deal with the winter than the summer .
A: I feel the same way .
===
Q: It 's an ugly day today .
A: I know . I think it will be raining .
Q: It 's the middle of summer , and it should n't be raining today .
A: That would be weird if it rains .
Q: Yeah , especially since it 's ninety degrees outside .
A: I know . It would be horrible if it rained and it was hot outside .
Q: Yes , it would be very bad if it rained .
A: I really wish it was n't so hot and humid every day .
Q: Me too . I ca n't wait until winter .
A: I like winter too , but sometimes it gets too cold .
Q: I 'd rather it be cold than hot .
A: Me too .
===
Q: It 's such a nice day .
A: Yes , it is .
Q: It looks like it may rain soon .
A: Yes , and I hope that it does .
Q: Why do you like it rains ?
A: I really love how rain clears the air .
Q: Me too . It always smells so fresh after it rains .
A: Yes , but I love the night air after it rains .
Q: I really hope it rains today .
A: Yeah , me too .
===
Q: Is n't it a nice day ?
A: It really is .
Q: It seems that it may rain today .
A: Hopefully it will .
Q: I especially love the night air when it rains .
A: Me too , I really want it to rain today .
===
Q: What a nice day it is today !
A: Sure , it is . It is sunny outside .
===
Q: What a lovely day it is today !
A: Sure , it is . It is sunny outside .
===
Q: I really want to go to the beach this weekend .
A: That sounds like fun . What 's the weather going to be like ?
Q: I heard that it 's going to be warm this weekend .
A: Is it going to be perfect beach weather ?
Q: Yes , it will be fun to go the beach in that weather .
A: Good . I hope it does n't cool off this weekend .
Q: I know . I really want to go to the beach .
A: But you know that California weather is really unpredictable .
Q: You 're right . One minute it 's hot , and then the next minute it 's cold .
A: I really wish the weather would just stay the same .
Q: I do too . That way we can have our activities planned ahead of time .
A: Yeah , that would make things a lot easier .
===
Q: I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend .
A: A trip to the beach would be fun . How is the weather going to be ?
Q: The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend .
A: So do you think it 'll be perfect weather for the beach ?
Q: It sounds like it will be .
A: I really hope it does n't get cold .
Q: That would ruin things , I want to go so badly .
A: The weather in California is unpredictable , so you never know .
Q: That is true . The weather is constantly changing .
A: It would be nice if the weather would never change .
Q: That would be great , then we could plan things sooner .
A: True . Predictable weather would make life easier .
===
Q: It would be nice to go to the beach sometime this weekend .
A: What 's the weather going to be like ? I may want to go too .
Q: The weather this weekend is supposed to be warm .
A: Will it be good beach weather ?
Q: I think it will be .
A: It would n't be good if it got cold this weekend .
Q: I want this trip to be perfect , I hope it stays warm .
A: This California weather is so uncertain , it 's impossible to know what 'll happen .
Q: I know . Every day the weather seems different .
A: I would love it if it was n't always so unpredictable .
Q: That would make it easier for us to make plans .
A: I know . Things are easier when you know what the weather 's going to be like .