Q: Are you going to the party on Saturday ?
A: I was thinking about it . Are you ?
Q: Yeah , I heard it 's going to be a lot of fun .
A: Really ? Well , what time will it start ?
Q: It will start at 8:00 pm , and I really think you should go .
A: Well , who else are going to be there ?
Q: Everybody from school .
A: How do you know it 's going to be so fun ?
Q: This party is going to have a DJ , food , and drinks .
A: Wow , that does sound like it 's going to be fun .
Q: So am I going to see you at the party ?
A: Yeah , I will be there .
===
Q: What will you be doing this weekend ?
A: I am not sure . What will you be doing ?
Q: I was thinking of maybe taking a drive to the beach .
A: That sounds like a great idea !
Q: Would you be interested in joining me ?
A: Sure , I would love to go with you . When would you be leaving ?
Q: I thought that we could leave around 8:00 in the morning . How do you think ?
A: That would give us plenty of time to explore . Did you know that there is a music festival on the beach in Santa Barbara ?
Q: That was part of my plan .
A: Well then , I 'll see you on Saturday . Thanks for inviting me to go with you .
===
Q: I ca n't figure out what to get Mary for her birthday . Do you have any suggestions ?
A: I am having a problem figuring that out myself . It 's kind of challenging , uhh ? Do you want to pick something out together ?
Q: Yes , that way we would have more money to spend .
A: She has a lot of interests . What things do you think she likes to do the best ?
Q: Well , she really likes going hiking , listening to music , and travel .
A: The music idea sounds good . I wonder who knows what concerts she might like to go to ?
Q: Maybe we could ask her roommate , Maria , who her favorite groups are .
A: Maria would be a great help . She has known Mary for a long time .
Q: Let 's e-mail Maria and ask her for her suggestions .
A: I think that maybe Maria might like to contribute to this gift too .
===
Q: Come right on in , Papaya , and welcome to our home !
A: It 's so nice to see you , Maria . What a wonderful home !
Q: Would like some drinks ? I can offer you lemonade , iced tea , or mango juice .
A: Iced tea sounds really good right now ! It was really hot driving over here .
===
Q: Do you enjoy the neighborhood ?
A: We really like living in this neighborhood .
Q: How long have you had this house ?
A: We just moved here last year .
===
Q: Papaya , have a seat and I 'll get us something to drink .
A: Great ! I am really thirsty . You know it really is hot outside !
Q: Make yourself at home .
A: You are so nice . Thanks .
===
Q: Papaya , have you thought about where would you like to go for dinner on Friday for your birthday ?
A: Not yet . I do n't know many restaurants around here .
Q: You know , we could check online at the local websites .
A: Great idea . Let 's take a look !
Q: What kind of food would you prefer for your birthday ?
A: I enjoy Chinese or Cuban food the best .
Q: This restaurant , Silver Palace , looks good .
A: Oh yes , I 've been there once . Everyone I 've spoken with says that it is great !
Q: Would you like to go there then ?
A: I think that would be a really good choice ! Let 's call and make a reservation .
===
Q: Papaya , do you have any preference for where you would like to go for dinner for your birthday ?
A: I do n't really know where I should go . I am having trouble thinking of a particular restaurant .
Q: There is a great restaurant directory here in the weekend section of the newspaper .
A: OK , let 's take a look at that .
Q: Do you have a particular type of food that you would like ?
A: No really , but Chinese or Korean food might be what I prefer .
Q: That Chinese restaurant received many good reviews .
A: Oh yeah ! I saw a review of that restaurant on television . The reviewers loved it !
Q: Would that be a place that you might like to go to for your birthday ?
A: That would work out great ! Let 's call to make sure that we can get a table for that night .
===
Q: Hello , may I speak to Papaya please ?
A: This is Papaya . How 's it going ?
Q: I 've been trying to call you all day .
A: Sorry about that . I was cleaning up .
Q: It 's okay . Do n't worry about the phone call .
A: So what were you calling me about ?
Q: Oh , I just wanted to see if you wanted to hang out tomorrow .
A: Sure , what did you want to do ?
Q: Maybe we can go see a movie or something .
A: That sounds like fun . Let 's do it .
Q: I 'll see you tomorrow then .
A: See you then . Goodbye .
===
Q: Hi , how are you . Is Papaya there ?
A: Speaking . What 's up ?
Q: Why have n't you answered the phone ?
A: My bad , I had chores to do .
Q: That 's all right .
A: What was the reason for your call ?
Q: I want to do something tomorrow with you .
A: Sounds good . What did you have in mind ?
Q: I was thinking about seeing a movie .
A: Okay , let 's go see a movie .
Q: Until then .
A: Talk to you later .
===
Q: Is Papaya available ?
A: You 're talking to him .
Q: I 've called you a hundred times today .
A: I was busy doing something . I apologize .
Q: No problem .
A: Did you need something ?
Q: Did you want to do something tomorrow ?
A: Is there somewhere special you wanted to go ?
Q: How about a movie ?
A: A movie sounds good .
Q: Call me tomorrow then .
A: I will see you tomorrow .