Q: Tell me , what do you enjoy doing in your spare time ?
A: I enjoy drawing and painting .
Q: You know how to draw and paint ?
A: Yes , I do .
Q: When did you learn how to do that ?
A: I learned that when I was very young .
Q: Oh , so you took an art class ?
A: Yeah , I loved that class .
Q: I see that you 're pretty talented .
A: Thank you very much .
Q: I wish I had a talent like that .
A: I 'm sure you have a talent . It 's just hidden .
===
Q: What kinds of things do you like to do ?
A: I 've always liked to draw and paint .
Q: I did n't know you knew how to draw and paint .
A: I do it every once in a while .
Q: How long have you known how to do that ?
A: I first learned how to do it in kindergarten .
Q: Did you take some sort of art class or something ?
A: That was my favorite class .
Q: You have got to be talented .
A: Thanks . I feel flattered .
Q: If only I was talented .
A: You have a talent . You just do n't know what it is yet .
===
Q: Are there any hobbies you do ?
A: When I have time , I sometimes draw and paint .
Q: Oh , you actually do that ?
A: Every so often , I do .
Q: Did you always know how to draw and paint ?
A: I was taught in kindergarten how to draw and paint .
Q: You had an art class ?
A: Exactly , it was my favorite class .
Q: Well , it 's good that you 're so talented .
A: I appreciate that .
Q: Talent is a great thing , I wish I had one .
A: Everyone has a talent . They just need to find it .
===
Q: Which movie do you like the most ?
A: It 's hard to say . One of my favorite movies is Superbad .
Q: Oh , why do you like that movie ?
A: It 's the funniest movie that I 've ever seen .
Q: That 's true . It is a very funny movie .
A: You 've seen it before ?
Q: Yes , I saw that movie the first day it came out in theaters .
A: Did n't you laugh through the whole movie ? I did .
Q: Me too . That movie brought tears to my eyes .
A: Mine too .
Q: I have it on DVD at my house if you want to come over and watch it .
A: Sure , let 's go .
===
Q: Which movie is your favorite to watch ?
A: I have to say , my favorite movie is Superbad .
Q: Is that right ? Why do you like that movie ?
A: Honestly , it is one of the funniest movies I 've seen in a long time .
Q: You 're right . That movie is hilarious .
A: I did n't think you saw that movie .
Q: I went to see it the day it came out .
A: I was laughing through the whole movie .
Q: I could n't help laughing , either .
A: Same here .
Q: I bought the movie . Would you like to come to my house and watch it ?
A: Of course .
===
Q: Out of every movie that you 've seen , which one is your favorite ?
A: I 'm going to have to say that Superbad is the best movie ever .
Q: You think that is interesting , how come ?
A: Well , it is super funny .
Q: You 're not lying , I found that movie absolutely hilarious .
A: I did n't know that you saw Superbad before .
Q: I made sure to be in line to see it the first day it came out .
A: I could n't keep from laughing throughout the whole movie .
Q: I was laughing hysterically the whole time ; my stomach muscles hurt afterwards .
A: That 's exactly how I felt .
Q: I got the movie when it came out on DVD , do you want to come over ?
A: I would love to .
===
Q: What type of music do you like to listen to ?
A: I like listening to different kinds of music .
Q: Like what type of songs , for instance ?
A: I enjoy classic and country songs .
Q: Why do you enjoy those types of songs ?
A: They calm me down and feel very relaxed .
Q: That 's a good reason to like something .
A: Yeah , I think so too .
===
Q: What kind of music do you enjoy listening to ?
A: I enjoy listening to all kinds of music .
Q: What kind of songs , for example ?
A: I like classic and country songs most .
Q: Why do you like that type of music ?
A: They are very soothing and make me feel very relaxed .
Q: I think that 's an excellent reason to like something .
A: Thanks , I feel the same way .
===
Q: What is your favorite kind of music ?
A: I listen to various types of music .
Q: What genres ?
A: Like classic and country songs .
Q: What interests you in that type of music ?
A: They are very soothing and calm me down .
Q: That is a perfect reason to like a certain kind of music .
A: That 's exactly what I think too .