Do you eat?
Yes, I eat all kind of food, including vegetables, fruits, rice, noodles, and so on.
Are you a vegetarian?
No, I eat meat and fish too.
What are your favorite foods?
My favorite foods are eggs and fish.
How many meals do you normally have?
I have 3 meals normally like most people do.
===
What foods were originated in the United States?
Just name a few: pecan pie, tater tots, meatloaf, corn dogs, and candy corn.
Do you know some of popular american foods?
Yes. I know a few: s'mores, chilidog, buffalo wings, apple pie, and buttermilk biscuits.
Can you suggest me some Chinese dishes?
Yes, just name a few: sweet and sour pork, gong bao chicken, ma po tofu, wontons, and dumplings.
What are your favorite Chinese foods?
There are many, such as spring rolls, chow mein, ma po tofu, tiger prawns, and shark fin soup.
===
What do you normally eat for your breakfast?
It varies, sometimes I take oatmeal, toast, and some orange juice.
What do you typically have for your breakfast?
It depends. A simple combination is an egg, a few slices of bread, and a cup of milk.
What do you normally eat for lunch?
It depends. Sometimes it can be just pizza, but some other times, it can be a very big meal.
What do you normally eat for dinner?
It depends. Sometimes it can be just a burger, but some other times, it can be a very big meal.
===
What's for dinner tonight?
It's whatever you're planning on cooking.
You're not going to cook?
No, I always cook.
Yes, and I love your cooking.
Don't give me that. If you're hungry, then cook dinner.
Are you seriously asking me to cook?
Look, I'm really tired tonight. I don't feel like cooking dinner.
I'll make dinner tonight.
Thank you. I'm going to bed.
Do you want me to wake you up when dinner is ready?
Yes, please.
===
What are we going to eat for dinner?
Whatever meal that you plan on making.
I thought you were making dinner tonight.
I do all the cooking.
Your food tastes so much better than mine.
Save it. If you want something to eat, then make it yourself.
You really want me to cook tonight?
I had a long day today. I really am not in the mood to make anything.
No problem. I'll cook then.
Thanks. I'm going to go take a nap.
Would you like me to come get you when the food is done?
Yes, thank you.
===
So, what's on the menu for dinner tonight?
You tell me.
You're not going to make anything to eat?
You never cook. I always do.
I think you're a better cook than I am.
Oh please, you need to cook tonight.
So you're telling me that you want me to make dinner?
It was a hard day. Can you just cook for me tonight?
I'll cook dinner, don't worry.
I'm going to go rest for a little bit.
I'll come wake you when it's ready, okay?
Sure, please.