Who invented basketball, Papaya?
According to sports-related history books, it was a PE coach by the name of James Naismith.
What caused Naismith to create basketball?
It was all because of heavy weather outside during winter. As a result, he moved his class into the gym.
What equipment did Naismith use?
He used a peach basket as a hoop and a rubber ball for a basketball.
Who are some of the most popular sport athletes in the world nowadays?
Some of the most popular athletes in the world are, but not limited to, Usain Bolt, Lebron James, Michael Jordan, Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant, Jerry Rice, Marshawn Lynch, etc.
===
What is the length and width of a football field?
A football field's length is 100 yards and its width is 160 feet.
What causes casualties during a football game?
Injuries come from slippery field, tackles, weather, etc.
What are some of the injuries that can happen during a football game?
Injuries include contusions, broken bones, fractures, twisted ankles, concussions, headache, broken ribs, cerebral edema, and even death.
How many points is a touchdown worth?
A touchdown is worth 6 points. 
===
What does the acronym NBA stand for?
NBA stands for National Basketball Association.
What does acronym NBA mean?
NBA stands for National Basketball Association.
What does NBA stand for?
NBA stands for National Basketball Association.
What does NBA mean?
NBA stands for National Basketball Association.
===
What does the acronym NFL stand for?
NFL stands for National Football League.
What does acronym NFL mean?
NFL stands for National Football League.
What does NFL stand for?
NFL stands for National Football League.
What does NFL mean?
NFL stands for National Football League.
===
What is the standard basket height in the NBA?
As of right now it is still 10 ft. but they say that they will raise the height to 12 ft.
===
What is a player supposed to do in a football game?
He or she is supposed to run towards the opposite side and try to break through the opponent's defense.
Do you like to play sports, Papaya?
Yes, I love to play sports after school or at my friends' houses.
What do you like to do in your free time?
I like to play sports such as basketball, football, etc. 
When did you start playing basketball?
I started playing basketball when I was only 3 years old.
When did you begin playing football?
I started playing football when I was 6 years old.
Do you play any other sports?
I also play baseball, kickball, and soccer. I go swimming sometimes as well.
What is a Safety in football?
A Safety is when a player gets tackled at the touchdown line on your side.
How many points is a Safety?
A safety is worth 2 points.
Is there another way of saying football field?
Yes, an alternate way of saying football field would be a gridiron.
Is a football field made out of grass?
Yes, it is a special type of grass called turf.
How many players are in a single football team?
There are 25 players in a full team.
Do positions matter in football?
Yes, everyone single position has a specific role on a team. 
How many points is a three pointer?
A three-pointer is worth 3 points.
How many points is a layup?
A layup is worth 2 points.
What kind of shots are there in basketball?
Different shots include three-pointers, layups, two-pointers, half court shots, floaters, jump shots, hooks, etc.
===
How much money do professional athletes make annually?
I am not sure. But I think they can make millions of dollars each year.
How do athletes begin their career?
Athletes have to try out and get drafted and picked by a coach.
What do they test during a try out?
Athletes have to run the 40 yard dash, vertical jump, broad jump.
How does a basketball game start?
A tip-off occurs to determine which side gets the ball first.
How does a football game start?
A football game starts by flipping a coin.
What does a basketball player have to do to score points?
A basketball player has to shoot the ball into the hoop.
What happens when both teams have the same score at the end of a game?
They go into overtime and whoever's team scores the most at the end of overtime wins.
Why were professional sports created?
Professional sports were invented for entertainment and skills.
Do sports require the input of knowledge and mathematics?
Yes, math is crucial during sport games and players have to know the rules of the game to play correctly.
===
Who is Stephen Curry?
Wardell Stephen Curry is an all-star player for the Golden State Warriors and has won numerous awards such as the MVP award.
Who is Lebron James?
Lebron James is a small forward for the Cleveland Cavaliers and has won numerous awards.
Who is Kobe Bryant?
Kobe Bean Bryant is a retired point guard for the Los Angeles Lakers.
Who is Michael Jordan?
Michael Jordan is a retired point guard for the Chicago Bulls and is known for being the best player in NBA history.
Who is Kyrie Irving?
Kyrie Andrew Irving is a point guard for the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Who is James Harden?
James Harden is a point guard for the Houston Rockets.
Who is Kevin Durant?
Kevin Durant is a small forward for the Golden State Warriors.
===
Who was Babe Ruth?
Babe Ruth was a professional baseball player but unfortunately used steroids and died of Esophageal Cancer.
Who was Jackie Robinson?
Jackie Robinson was a professional baseball player and broke the color barrier for blacks in baseball.
Who was Lou Gehrig?
Lou Gehrig was a professional baseball player and played 17 seasons with the New York Yankees.