I am interested in selling my home and would like to know what is involved.
You have come to the right place. When were you interested in selling your home?
I just received a job transfer and need to relocate right away.
How long have you been in your current home?
I have lived in my home for about 10 years.
As I am sure that you are aware, the market has fallen in the past year. People are more likely to make money if they have owned their home for a while.
Will I be able to recover the money I paid for my home?
It is hard to say, but whatever house you buy will also be costing you a lot less.
What is the next step in selling my home?
I would like to meet with you tomorrow to look at your property, and then you and I can figure out a contract.
===
I am looking for a realtor to help me sell my home.
I would be happy to help you with any questions that you might have. When were you thinking of selling your home?
I am interested in moving up to a bigger home, but first I need to sell the one I now own.
Have you owned your home for a long time?
I just bought my home two years ago.
I think you probably know that the market is not all that great. You are more likely to see a profit if you have owned for 8 years or more.
Will I be losing money if I sell right now?
It is impossible to predict with certainty what will happen, but you can purchase a replacement home at a lower rate also.
What can I do next to get the ball rolling on this sale?
If it works for you, I would like to come over and see your home. Then we can draw up a contract.
===
I am considering selling my home and would like information on doing so.
It would be my pleasure to answer any questions that you might have. Were you interested in selling in the near future?
I am just checking out the possibility of selling, as I am thinking of moving to Hawaii.
Is your home a recent purchase, or have you owned it for a while?
The house has been in my family for years, but I just became the owner 6 months ago when my mother passed away.
Housing prices have fallen quite a bit. The longer you have owned your home, the greater the profit.
Am I going to lose my shirt selling my home right now?
It will all kind of even out. You may sell low, but you can also buy low.
What should we be doing to get the process started?
If it fits into your schedule, I could meet you tomorrow morning and we could take a look at your property. The next step would be us both signing a contract.