The doctor sent me over here to have my blood drawn.
Certainly, please have a seat and roll up your left sleeve.
What is this blood test for?
Well, today your doctor wants us to check your white blood cell count.
What does the blood test result tell him?
Well, if it is elevated, you might have an infection.
Will the blood test hurt?
It is only a little pin stick. I am going to put a tourniquet on your arm to puff your veins up.
Ouch!
There we go! I got the blood that I needed.
===
My doctor says that I need a blood test.
I can help you with that. Just have a seat and roll up your left sleeve.
What are you taking my blood for?
Your doctor has requested a check of your white blood count.
What information does the blood test give him?
If your white blood cell count is off, it could signal an infection somewhere in your body.
Is a blood test painful?
I am putting a tourniquet on your arm to plump up the vein. It will only feel like a little pin prick.
My God, that hurts!
That was it! Thank you for coming in today.
===
I came to this lab to have my blood drawn.
You are in the right place. Roll up your left sleeve and have a seat.
What am I being tested for?
Your doctor wants to know what your white blood cell count is.
What does my white blood cell count tell him?
Usually if your white count is off, the doctor suspects an infection.
How much will the blood test hurt?
It is only a pin prick. I have to put this tourniquet on your arm to make the vein easier to find.
Is that my blood going into that tube?
That blood that just filled the tube is all that I needed. Thanks for coming in!
===
I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9:00 AM on that day. Would you like to see Dr. Smith or Dr. Jones?
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem. We look forward to seeing you.
===
Good morning, I would like to make a doctor's appointment.
Can you describe your health concern?
I have been having skin problems that aren't going away.
Are you in any pain?
No. Except for the rash, I feel fine.
Would Tuesday or Wednesday be best for you?
I would like to come in on Tuesday.
I will write you in for that day at 4:00. You can see either Dr. Smith or Dr. Jones.
I would like to see Dr. Smith.
I will write you in on that doctor's schedule. See you then.
===
I need to come in and see the doctor.
Are you scheduling a check-up, or are you ill?
I have really itchy skin and think I may have to have it looked at.
Have you been feeling any joint aches with that rash?
No, but I have a low fever.
I have times available for Tuesday or Wednesday. Which one would work best for you?
I want to come in on Wednesday.
I can fit you in on that day at 10:00. Dr. Smith or Dr. Jones is available.
I would prefer Dr. Smith.
You can see the doctor of your choice then, and we will see you at your scheduled appointment time.
===
I have a doctor's appointment scheduled with Dr. Smith, and I need to change it.
What day did you have it scheduled for?
My appointment was on Tuesday.
What time was it scheduled for?
It was for two o'clock in the afternoon.
I see your appointment. What day would you like to switch to?
I would like to switch it to next Friday.
What time would you like for the appointment?
I would like to come in at 10:00 in the morning.
Fine, I will pencil that in right now. We will see you then.
===
I scheduled an appointment with Dr. Smith, and I can't make it on that day.
What day was your appointment on?
My appointment was on Monday.
What time had you chosen?
It was for 10:00 in the morning.
I am looking at your appointment right now. What day would you prefer?
I would prefer next Thursday.
What time would be best for you?
I want to come in at 2:00 in the afternoon.
I am writing you down for that time. We look forward to seeing you.
===
Good morning, I made an appointment with Dr. Smith, but I have to change it.
When you made your appointment, what day did you choose?
My appointment was on Wednesday.
At what time was that appointment?
It was for 4:00 in the afternoon.
I can see the appointment that you had. What day do you need to change to?
I want to change to next Tuesday.
What time would you prefer?
I would prefer three o'clock in the afternoon.
I will put you down for that time. Thank you for calling to reschedule.
===
Good morning, how are you doing today?
I have been feeling pretty good. 
So, I can see by your chart that you are here for your annual physical.
Yes, I am playing on the tennis team this year, and they are requiring me to get a physical exam.
We are basically going to check your heart, lungs, blood sugar levels, and eyes, ears, and nose.
I've kind of been having problems being out of breath. Can you look at that?
Yes, I will check you for asthma, and maybe we can check you for allergies later.
Thank you. What will the blood test tell you?
We will be checking for blood sugar, cholesterol, and white blood cell count.
I have been working hard to stay healthy. I hope the tests turn out well.
===
So how are we feeling today?
Things are going well for me.
Am I correct in thinking that you are here for your annual physical?
Yes, I am applying for new health insurance, and I need a physical examination to qualify.
Your basic physical exam will include lungs, heart, blood levels, and eyes, ears, and nose.
I've been having a little trouble breathing. Would you look into that, please?
We can do an allergy test, and later I can send you for an asthma test.
I would appreciate it. When you give me a blood test, what are you looking for?
I am going to check your cholesterol, blood sugar, and white blood cell count.
I am expecting the tests to go well. I have been taking good care of myself.
===
Nice to see you. How have you been feeling lately?
I have been feeling great.
I am happy that you have decided to come in for your annual physical.
Yes, I am going on a cross-country bike ride on vacation and want to make sure that I don't have any problems.
We are going to look at your heart and lungs, do a few blood tests, and see that your eyes, ears, and nose are all working as they should be.
I've been having trouble with congestion in my chest. Can you give me some tests for that?
I can do a chest X-ray to check for congestion.
That would be great. What is the blood test for?
The blood test is for cholesterol, white blood cell count, and blood sugar.
I have been feeling great. I don't imagine that any of my tests will turn out badly.