I would like to purchase some health insurance. 
Have you ever purchased health insurance before?
I have health insurance now, but I want to look into other choices.
Do you know if you are interested in an HMO or a PPO?
Could you explain the difference between HMO and PPO?
To clarify it for you, with a PPO you pay more but you get to choose your own doctor.
When I pay for a service, is the payment the same for a PPO or HMO?
The payments are quite a bit higher for the PPO, but you can go anywhere you like. 
How much will an HMO cost me per month?
Please go to our website and fill in the questionnaire. Once we have all of your information, we can give you a quote.
===
I am calling to purchase health insurance.
Do you have health insurance now?
I was on my parents' policy, but I need to start buying my own.
You can purchase an HMO or a PPO. Do you know what you want?
I don't know which I want, an HMO or a PPO.
Let me explain it to you. An HMO is a little cheaper, but you can only choose certain doctors.
When I go to the doctor, do I pay the same out-of-pocket expenses for a PPO?
The payments are a little lower for an HMO as long as you go to their doctors.
How much will a PPO cost me per month?
We need to factor in many things. Why don't you come in, and we will have you fill out a questionnaire.
===
I need information on purchasing health insurance.
Is this the first time you have had health insurance?
This is my first time buying health insurance.
You have a choice of HMO or PPO. Do you understand the difference?
I am not sure what HMO and PPO are.
Just so you understand completely: An HMO is a little cheaper, but you have limited choices of which doctor you choose.
If I need to use my insurance, are the payments the same for a PPO and HMO?
By going to the providers on the HMO list, you save money in out-of-pocket expenses.
Can you give me a comparison between a PPO and an HMO?
We can mail you a questionnaire and when we have all of your information, we will mail you a quote.
===
Good morning, is this Papaya?
You are speaking with Papaya. How can I help you?
Papaya, this is Malia, and I need to call in sick today.
What seems to be the problem?
I went hiking and have terrible poison oak.
When did you get that?
I think I got it on Saturday, but it just showed up today.
What are you doing for it?
The doctor prescribed an ointment and gave me a shot.
Good. You probably should be much better by tomorrow.
===
May I speak to Papaya, please?
This is Papaya you are speaking with. What can I do for you?
Hi, Papaya, this is Malia, and I will not be coming to work today.
What is wrong with you?
I have really bad poison oak and can't stop itching.
How long have you had it?
I've had it a few days, but the rash really got bad last night.
How have you been treating it?
I have some lotion that the doctor gave me, as well as an antihistamine.
That should work. I'll see you tomorrow when you return to work.
===
I would like to speak with Papaya.
This is Papaya. How may I help you?
Papaya, this is Malia, and I am afraid that I am feeling a bit under the weather.
Do you know what the problem is?
I have a horrible rash from poison oak.
Have you had it a long time?
The doctor said that I probably have had it a few days.
Have you been using anything for it?
I bought some over-the-counter lotion, and I am taking an antihistamine.
That will probably take care of your symptoms. I'll see you tomorrow.
===
I have a doctor's appointment scheduled with Dr. Smith, and I need to change it.
What day did you have it scheduled for?
My appointment was on Tuesday.
What time was it scheduled for?
It was for two o'clock in the afternoon.
I see your appointment. What day would you like to switch to?
I would like to switch it to next Friday.
What time would you like?
I would like to come in at 10:00 in the morning.
Fine, I will pencil that in right now. We will see you then.
===
I scheduled an appointment with Dr. Smith, and I can't make it on that day.
What day was your appointment on?
My appointment was on Monday.
What time had you chosen?
It was for 10:00 in the morning.
I am looking at your appointment right now. What day would you prefer?
I would prefer next Thursday.
What time would be best for you?
I want to come in at 2:00 in the afternoon.
I am writing you down for that time. We look forward to seeing you.
===
Good morning, I made an appointment with Dr. Smith, but I have to change it.
When you made your appointment, what day did you choose?
My appointment was on Wednesday.
At what time was that appointment?
It was for 4:00 in the afternoon.
I can see the appointment that you had. What day do you need to change to?
I want to change to next Tuesday.
What time would you prefer?
I would prefer three o'clock in the afternoon.
I will put you down for that time. Thank you for calling to reschedule.
===
Sorry to bother you, but I was wondering if you could drive me to the emergency room.
Of course. What is the problem?
I am running a really high fever of 105 degrees, and I have a rash on my stomach.
If you can, go and unlock the back door, so I can get in when I get there if you fall asleep.
I can do that when I get off of the phone.
Do you know where your driver's license and insurance card are?
I already had them out before I called you.
Where is your nearest emergency room?
It's just a few blocks away.
Fine, I am on my way. I'll be there in about five minutes.
===
I hate to call you this late at night, but could you possibly help me get to the emergency room?
We will come right over. What happened?
My temperature went up to 105, and I have a rash!
Make sure that someone unlocks the back door, so I can get in if you fall asleep before I get there.
I will do that in a minute, and make sure you can get in.
Also make sure that you have your insurance card and driver's license where we can grab them.
I know right where they both are.
Is there an emergency room near you?
It is on the other side of town, next to city hall.
I am on my way. Give me ten minutes and I'll get to you.
===
I really need your help and want to know if you could drive me to the emergency room.
I will take you there right away. What is wrong?
I woke up with a rash and a temperature of 105!
I want to be able to get to you when I get there. If you can unlock the back door right now, that would be great.
I will make sure that I do that before you get here.
Also, make sure that we have your driver's license and insurance card before we leave for the emergency room.
I am getting them out while I am speaking to you.
Do you know where your nearest emergency room is?
It is near the bridge that crosses over the river.
I am driving to you even as we speak. Hang in there!