Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
Yes, this is the apartment manager speaking.
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
I would love to see it.
Are you free today at around 6 pm?
Yes, I will be able to make it then.
Well, I'll see you at 6 pm. Do you know how to get there?
I used to live in that area.
I'll give you an application form when I see you.
That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
No. Just bring yourself.
===
Hello, I was wondering if I could talk with the apartment manager.
I am the apartment manager. How can I help you?
I was wondering if the apartment on Main Street is still available.
Yes, it's still vacant. Are you interested in seeing it?
Yes, I would love to see the apartment.
I will be at the apartment today at 6:00. Can you make it?
Yes, I can be there at 6.
Great. I'll see you at 6. Do you know where it is?
Yes, I have a friend who lives in that neighborhood.
I'll be bringing an application form.
OK, should I bring anything with me?
No. I might need to see your ID card, but that's about it.
===
Could I speak to the apartment manager?
I am the apartment manager. How can I help you?
I wanted to know if that apartment on Main Street is still for rent.
I haven't rented it out yet. Would you like to see it?
Yes, I want to see it.
How about today at 6 pm?
That time is okay with me.
Very good. We'll meet at 6. Do you need directions?
No, thank you. I go by there on my way to work.
If you're interested, you can fill out an application form.
That's a good idea. Do I need to bring anything myself?
No. The only thing I need to see is your driver's license.
===
I'd like to speak with the apartment manager, please.
This is he. What can I do for you?
I'm interested in the apartment on Main Street.
It's still available. Do you want to see it?
Yes, I would very much like to see it.
Does today at 6 pm. sound okay to you?
I have no problem with 6 pm.
Okay, I'll see you at 6 o'clock. Do you need any directions?
No, thanks. I already drove by to see what the neighborhood looks like.
I'll have an application form with me. You can fill it out if you're interested.
Should I bring anything with me?
No. I only need to check your driver's license.
===
May I speak to the apartment building manager, please?
I'm the manager. How can I help you?
I was hoping that the apartment on Main Street was still available.
Yes, it is. Would you like to get a look inside the apartment?
Yes, it would be nice to see the apartment.
How about today at 6 o'clock?
Yes, I can be there at 6.
Sounds good. I'll see you at 6. Do you want directions?
I'm okay, thank you. I already checked out the address on Google.
If you like the place, you can fill out an application form. I'll bring one with me.
Is there anything that I need to bring with me?
No. I won't need to see anything except your driver's license.
===
Can you give me a little more information about your apartment?
Sure, what can I help you with?
What kind of public transportation is near your apartment?
I'm not sure, but I believe there is a bus stop about three blocks away.
Do you know what direction that bus travels?
I'm sorry. If you check online, you can get that kind of information.
Okay, I'll just go online.
Okay. Good luck with your search.
===
Hello, I was hoping you could give me more info about your apartment.
I can try to help you. What would you like to know?
Is there access to public transportation near the apartment?
I'm pretty sure there's a bus stop within walking distance.
Do you know anything about the buses that stop there?
I don't know, but I'm pretty sure you can find out that stuff online.
I think the local library has bus info.
Good luck. The bus info shouldn't be too hard to find.
===
Can you give me a little more information about your apartment?
All right, what do you need to know?
What is the public transportation like near your apartment?
I don't use buses, but I think there's a bus stop a few blocks away.
Which route does the bus travel?
I wish I could help you, but I know nothing about the bus system.
I'll just check my phone book. It has lots of good information.
I'm sorry I couldn't help you on that.
===
I was hoping you could give me more information about the apartment for rent.
I can certainly try.
Do buses or trains run by the apartment?
I can't swear to it, but I think a bus stop is a couple of blocks away.
Where does the bus take you?
I don't want to lead you astray. You should check online.
My neighbor takes the bus. I'll ask him if he knows.
Bus line information should be pretty easy to find.
===
Could you give me a little more information about the apartment?
Sure, if I can. What do you want to know?
Is there a bus or train system near the apartment?
I'm pretty sure there's a bus stop only a few blocks away.
Do you know which buses stop there? 
I'm sure there's an 800 number or a website that could help you.
I don't have a computer. I'll just look in my phone book.
Bus line information should be pretty easy to find.
===
How did you find your apartment?
You can check on the bulletin boards at school for local housing.
What if I need a roommate?
There are websites that can hook you up with a roommate.
How much do apartments cost around here?
It depends on what you want. Do you want a one or two-bedroom apartment?
I just need a one-bedroom apartment.
That will probably cost you around twelve hundred dollars a month.
Would you come with me to look at apartments?
I would be happy to look at apartments with you.
===
When you need an apartment, where do you look for one?
Our school has a link on its website for apartments.
Can I share an apartment with someone?
Some of the ads in the paper are from people looking for roommates.
Are apartments expensive in this city?
Do you need a single apartment, or is this for two people?
I want a two-bedroom apartment.
You can get that type of apartment for around fifteen hundred dollars a month.
Would you have time to go look at apartments with me?
I love apartment hunting. I'll be happy to go with you.
===
Can you tell me the best way to look for an apartment?
The local newspaper has ads for housing.
Is there any way to find a roommate to share an apartment with?
Sometimes you can post an advertisement saying that you need a roommate.
What do landlords charge for rent?
Would you like an apartment for just yourself, or do you need it for two people?
There are two of us, but we only need a one-bedroom apartment.
You should be able to easily find that for twelve hundred dollars a month.
I really would appreciate it if you could come look at apartments with me.
Sure, I'll go look at apartments with you anytime you want.
===
How are you doing today?
Great. Thanks for asking.
Would you like our assistance with a move?
Yes, actually I would.
What would you like us to move for you?
I need you to move my furniture.
Could you tell me what kind of residence that we will be picking the furniture up from?
The furniture is in my apartment.
Where will we be moving it to?
You'll be taking it to the house I just bought.
All right. I just need both addresses, and we will take care of the moving for you.
Excellent. Thank you very much.
===
How are you today?
I am doing well.
Did you need us to move something for you?
That's exactly what I'm calling about.
What exactly do you need moved?
All my furniture needs to be moved.
Where will we be moving your furniture from? 
I need it moved from my apartment.
Where would you like us to move the furniture to?
I need the furniture moved to my new house.
All I need is a little more information, and we'll take care of the rest.
Sounds great. I'm glad you could help me.
===
How are you doing, Papaya?
I'm fine, thank you.
Did you need our help with a move?
Yes, I do need your help with a move.
What can we move for you?
I need all my furniture moved.
Will we be picking the furniture up from an apartment or a house?
You'll be taking it from my old apartment.
Are we moving the furniture to a house or an apartment?
To my new house.
We can do the move for you, but first I'm going to need some more information.
Thanks a lot. I'll give you all the information you need.