I am interested in buying auto insurance.
Sure, I can help you. Did you bring all of your registration papers?
Yes, I brought everything with me.
Is your car with you?
Yes, it is out in the parking lot.
Wonderful. Let's go out and check to see what shape it is in.
OK, can you help me figure out what I should insure my car for?
I will look it up on the Blue Book list and we will factor in its condition.
What else do I need to consider for the auto insurance?
Yes, you need to figure in liability for damage to the other car as well as injury issues as well.
===
Good morning, I need to buy car insurance for the used car I just bought.
Yes, no problem. Do you have your registration and Certificate of Ownership with you?
Yes, it is all right here.
Did you drive your car here?
Yes, it is out in the back.
That's great. We'll go out and check the condition of your car.
I understand, what should I insure my car for?
There is a Blue Book price for your car and we will use that price.
What other things do I need to insure for?
We will factor in damage to the other car as well as property damage and injury.
===
I just bought a used car and need to insure it.
We can take care of that right now. Do you have all of your paperwork with you?
Yes, I took care of all of that and have the papers with me.
Did you bring your car with you?
Yes, it is parked on the street.
Fine, I need to go out with you to check your car for wear and tear.
Fine, how will I know how much I should insure my car for?
After looking at your car, I will use the Blue Book price and we will consider the condition of the car.
Are there other considerations when I insure my car?
We always need to think about property damage, damage to other vehicles, and injury.
===
What kind of car insurance do you have?
I went with the Automobile Club.
Why did you choose that company?
I looked at the price of the type of insurance that I wanted.
What should I think about in choosing services?
There are websites that will figure out what coverage is right for you.
What did you end up buying for your auto insurance?
Well, my car is very old, so I didn't worry so much about what it would cost to repair it. I did buy a lot of coverage for fixing someone else's car.
Have you ever had to use your insurance?
I never had to use my insurance.
===
When you insured your car, what kind did you buy?
I decided to buy from GEICO.
What influenced your choice of companies?
I looked at the customer satisfaction rating of the company.
How did you figure out what services to buy?
Every individual has different considerations. Your agent can help you understand what you need to think about.
What did you place an emphasis on when you bought your insurance?
I carry a lot of liability insurance because I own a house and need to protect it from a lawsuit.
Did you ever get into an accident and need your insurance?
I was in an accident and was happy that I had good insurance to cover it.
===
What car insurance company did you decide to go with when you bought your new car?
State Farm seemed like the best deal for me.
How did you make that decision?
I compared rates and services available.
Where can I get help in figuring out what I need to purchase for coverage?
You can pick up a pamphlet at your insurance company that will explain the options to you.
What did you decide to cover yourself for?
I pretty much carry the average amount in all categories as the agent recommended.
How many times have you actually used your insurance?
I was in an accident, but it was the other person's fault and their insurance covered it.