What is Geography?
Geography is a field of science devoted to the study of the lands, the features, the inhabitants, and the phenomena of Earth.
How many continents are there in the world?
By convention there are seven continents: Asia, Africa, North America, South America, Europe, Australia, and Antarctica. 
What is the largest continent in the world?
Ranked by area or population, Asia is the largest continent in the world.
How many oceans are there in the world?
There are 5 oceans: Arctic Ocean, Atlantic Ocean, Pacific Ocean, India Ocean, and Southern Ocean.
What is the largest ocean in the world?
The Pacific Ocean is the largest ocean.
Which ocean is the biggest in the world?
Pacific Ocean is the biggest one, and it occupies about one-third of the Earth's surface.
How many countries are there in the world?
There are 195 countries in the world today. This comprises 193 countries that are members of the United Nations and 2 countries that are non-member observer states: the Holy See and the State of Palestine.
What is the capital of China?
Beijing.
How many capitals has China had?
There are many historical capitals in China. Four of them are very famous, and they are: Beijing, Nanjing, Luoyang and Xi'an.
What is the capital of the United States?
Washington, D.C.
What was the first capital of the United States?
New York City was the first capital of the United States once the Constitution was ratified.
What is the capital of the United Kingdom?
London.
What is the capital of Great Britain?
London.
What is the capital city of England?
London.
How many countries are there in Great Britain?
There are three countries: England, Scotland and Wales.
What is the capital of France?
Paris.
What is the capital of Russia?
Moscow.
What is the capital of Germany?
Berlin.
What is the capital of Italy?
Rome.
What is the capital of Japan?
Tokyo.
What is the capital of India?
New Delhi.
What is the capital of Austria?
Vienna.
What is the capital of Australia?
Canberra.
Is the capital of Australia Sydney?
No. The capital of Australia is Canberra.