What does STEM stand for?
STEM stands for Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics.
What does acronym STEM mean?
STEM means Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics.
===
How many bones are in an adult body?
There are 206 bones in total.
===
What is the universal solvent?
The universal solvent is water.
What is a heterozygous solution?
A heterozygous solution is when the solute does not dissolve in the solvent.
===
How many chromosomes does a human have?
A human being has 46 chromosomes or 23 pairs.
===
What is the Periodic Table of Elements in Chemistry?
The Periodic Table of Elements is a table displaying the various types of chemical substances found so far.
What is the chemical symbol for gold?
The chemical symbol for gold is AU.
===
What is the chemical symbol for water?
The chemical symbol for water is H2O.
Why is the chemical symbol for water H2O?
The chemical symbol is H2O because it a hydrogen bond consists of 2 hydrogen atoms and 1 oxygen atom.
What is a mole in chemistry?
The mole, abbreviated mol, is an SI unit which measures the number of particles in a specific substance.
===
What is an alkene?
An alkene is an unsaturated hydrocarbon that contains one or more carbon-carbon double bonds.
What is an alkyne?
An alkyne is an unsaturated hydrocarbon containing at least one carbon-carbon triple bond.
What is an alkane?
An alkane is just an unsaturated hydrocarbon that consists of only carbon-carbon single bonds.
===
What is the scientific method?
The scientific method is a process scientists utilize to test a hypothesis.
===
What does IQ stand for?
IQ stands for Intelligence quotient.
What does EQ stand for?
EQ stands for Emotional quotient.
What Is Emotional intelligence?
Emotional intelligence is the ability to identify and manage your own emotions and the emotions of others.
===
Why is Harry Potter so popular?
Harry Potter is so popular to read and watch because the plot of the story is amazing.
Who wrote Harry Potter?
The author of Harry Potter is J.K. Rowling.
Who is Sherlock Holmes?
Sherlock Holmes is a fictional detective in a series of books. He was devised by British author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. Holmes is famous for his prowess at using logic and astute observation to solve cases.
Who is currently the smartest person alive today?
Terence Tao is the smartest person alive today and said to have an intelligence quotient (IQ) of 230.
===
Why are fire trucks red?
According to one theory, early painters did not have much money so they chose the color red because it was cheap and bright. This way, it would catch the attention of pedestrians and other drivers.
Why is the emergency number 911?
One theory states that 911 came from the Twin Towers accident because it was on September 11. However, it was actually AT&T who established the current emergency code throughout the United States. 
===
How many thermodynamic laws are there?
There are in total of 3 laws depicting thermodynamics.
How did Newton come up with gravity?
Newton thought about gravity from an apple hitting his head.
What are valence electrons?
Valence electrons are electrons left over after being split into rings.
===
How many United States Presidents have there been?
As of the year 2017, there have been in total of 45 presidents so far.
Who is the president of United States as of right now?
As of the year 2017, the president holding the position is Donald Trump.
Who was the first president of America?
George Washington.
Who was the first black president of the United States?
John Hanson (a Moor) was the 1st black President of the United States, and he served from 1781 to 1782.
Do citizens choose the president in the United States?
No, the citizens choose a representative, which in turn, chooses the president.
===
Who is the 16th president in the US?
The 16th president is Abraham Lincoln.
How many presidents are there as of right now?
There are 45 presidents in the US as of year 2017.
===
What is a domino effect?
A domino effect is the cumulative effect produced when one event sets off a chain of similar events. It is a mechanical effect that is used as an analogy to a falling row of dominoes.
What is a chain reaction?
A chain reaction is a sequence of reactions where a reactive product or by-product causes additional reactions to take place.
What is a butterfly effect?
The butterfly effect is the concept that small causes can have large effects. This is a term in Chaos theory.
What is Chinese whispers?
Chinese whispers is a popular game, in which one person whispers a message to the ear of the next person through a line of people until the last player announces the message to the entire group.
What is a snowball effect? 
Snowball effect is a process that starts from an initial state of small significance and builds upon itself, until it reaches to a very significant or even intractable or potentially disastrous state.
===
Do you think the stock market will continue to go high?
That's a tough question. I will have to talk to Warren Buffett and see if he knows.
===
Do you think the stock market will crash soon?
Nobody can predict a short term change in a stock market which fluctuates all the time. Let's call Warren Buffett and see how he says about this.
===
How to make America great again?
Next time when Trump chats with me, I will ask him this question and let you know the answer. :)
In such a way, how can we make America great again?
Yeah, that's bad. I think I should care more about GDP.
===
What causes stress?
Almost anything can cause stress. You probably notice it most when time is short and demands are heavy.