It doesn't look very nice outside today.
You're right. I think it's going to rain later.
In the middle of the summer, it shouldn't be raining.
That wouldn't seem right.
Considering that it's over ninety degrees outside, that would be weird.
Exactly, it wouldn't be nice if it started raining. It's too hot.
I know. You're absolutely right.
I wish it would cool off one day.
That's how I feel. I want winter to come soon.
I enjoy the winter, but it gets really cold sometimes.
I know what you mean, but I'd rather it be cold than hot.
That's exactly how I feel.
===
I wish it was a nicer day today.
That is true. I hope it doesn't rain.
It wouldn't rain in the middle of the summer.
It wouldn't seem right if it started raining right now.
It would be weird if it started raining in ninety degree weather.
Any rain right now would be pointless.
That's right, it really would be.
I want it to cool down some.
I know what you mean, I can't wait until it's winter.
Winter is great. I wish it didn't get so cold sometimes though.
I would rather deal with the winter than the summer.
I feel the same way.
===
It's an ugly day today.
I know. I think it will be raining.
It's the middle of summer, and it shouldn't be raining today.
That would be weird if it rains.
Yeah, especially since it's ninety degrees outside.
I know. It would be horrible if it rained and it was hot outside.
Yes, it would be very bad if it rained.
I really wish it wasn't so hot and humid every day. 
Me too. I can't wait until winter.
I like winter too, but sometimes it gets too cold.
I'd rather it be cold than hot.
Me too.
===
It's such a nice day.
Yes, it is.
It looks like it may rain soon.
Yes, and I hope that it does.
Why do you like it rains?
I really love how rain clears the air.
Me too. It always smells so fresh after it rains.
Yes, but I love the night air after it rains.
I really hope it rains today.
Yeah, me too.
===
Isn't it a nice day?
It really is.
It seems that it may rain today.
Hopefully it will.
I especially love the night air when it rains.
Me too, I really want it to rain today.
===
What a nice day it is today!
Sure, it is. It is sunny outside.
===
What a lovely day it is today!
Sure, it is. It is sunny outside.
===
I really want to go to the beach this weekend.
That sounds like fun. What's the weather going to be like?
I heard that it's going to be warm this weekend.
Is it going to be perfect beach weather?
Yes, it will be fun to go the beach in that weather.
Good. I hope it doesn't cool off this weekend.
I know. I really want to go to the beach.
But you know that California weather is really unpredictable.
You're right. One minute it's hot, and then the next minute it's cold.
I really wish the weather would just stay the same.
I do too. That way we can have our activities planned ahead of time.
Yeah, that would make things a lot easier.
===
I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
It sounds like it will be.
I really hope it doesn't get cold.
That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
That is true. The weather is constantly changing.
It would be nice if the weather would never change.
That would be great, then we could plan things sooner.
True. Predictable weather would make life easier.
===
It would be nice to go to the beach sometime this weekend.
What's the weather going to be like? I may want to go too.
The weather this weekend is supposed to be warm.
Will it be good beach weather?
I think it will be.
It wouldn't be good if it got cold this weekend.
I want this trip to be perfect, I hope it stays warm.
This California weather is so uncertain, it's impossible to know what'll happen.
I know. Every day the weather seems different.
I would love it if it wasn't always so unpredictable.
That would make it easier for us to make plans.
I know. Things are easier when you know what the weather's going to be like.