Are you going to the party on Saturday?
I was thinking about it. Are you?
Yeah, I heard it's going to be a lot of fun.
Really? Well, what time will it start?
It will start at 8:00 pm, and I really think you should go.
Well, who else are going to be there?
Everybody from school.
How do you know it's going to be so fun?
This party is going to have a DJ, food, and drinks.
Wow, that does sound like it's going to be fun.
So am I going to see you at the party?
Yeah, I will be there.
===
What will you be doing this weekend?
I am not sure. What will you be doing?
I was thinking of maybe taking a drive to the beach.
That sounds like a great idea!
Would you be interested in joining me?
Sure, I would love to go with you. When would you be leaving?
I thought that we could leave around 8:00 in the morning. How do you think?
That would give us plenty of time to explore. Did you know that there is a music festival on the beach in Santa Barbara?
That was part of my plan.
Well then, I'll see you on Saturday. Thanks for inviting me to go with you.
===
I can't figure out what to get Mary for her birthday. Do you have any suggestions?
I am having a problem figuring that out myself. It's kind of challenging, uhh? Do you want to pick something out together?
Yes, that way we would have more money to spend.
She has a lot of interests. What things do you think she likes to do the best?
Well, she really likes going hiking, listening to music, and travel.
The music idea sounds good. I wonder who knows what concerts she might like to go to?
Maybe we could ask her roommate, Maria, who her favorite groups are.
Maria would be a great help. She has known Mary for a long time.
Let's e-mail Maria and ask her for her suggestions.
I think that maybe Maria might like to contribute to this gift too.
===
Come right on in, Papaya, and welcome to our home!
It's so nice to see you, Maria. What a wonderful home!
Would like some drinks? I can offer you lemonade, iced tea, or mango juice.
Iced tea sounds really good right now! It was really hot driving over here.
===
Do you enjoy the neighborhood?
We really like living in this neighborhood.
How long have you had this house?
We just moved here last year.
===
Papaya, have a seat and I'll get us something to drink.
Great! I am really thirsty. You know it really is hot outside!
Make yourself at home.
You are so nice. Thanks.
===
Papaya, have you thought about where would you like to go for dinner on Friday for your birthday?
Not yet. I don't know many restaurants around here.
You know, we could check online at the local websites.
Great idea. Let's take a look!
What kind of food would you prefer for your birthday?
I enjoy Chinese or Cuban food the best.
This restaurant, Silver Palace, looks good.
Oh yes, I've been there once. Everyone I've spoken with says that it is great!
Would you like to go there then?
I think that would be a really good choice! Let's call and make a reservation.
===
Papaya, do you have any preference for where you would like to go for dinner for your birthday?
I don't really know where I should go. I am having trouble thinking of a particular restaurant.
There is a great restaurant directory here in the weekend section of the newspaper.
OK, let's take a look at that.
Do you have a particular type of food that you would like?
No really, but Chinese or Korean food might be what I prefer.
That Chinese restaurant received many good reviews.
Oh yeah! I saw a review of that restaurant on television. The reviewers loved it!
Would that be a place that you might like to go to for your birthday?
That would work out great! Let's call to make sure that we can get a table for that night.
===
Hello, may I speak to Papaya please?
This is Papaya. How's it going?
I've been trying to call you all day.
Sorry about that. I was cleaning up.
It's okay.
So what were you calling me about?
Oh, I just wanted to see if you wanted to hang out tomorrow.
Sure, what did you want to do?
Maybe we can go see a movie or something.
That sounds like fun. Let's do it.
I'll see you tomorrow then.
See you then. Goodbye.
===
Hi, how are you. Is Papaya there?
Speaking. What's up?
Why haven't you answered the phone?
My bad, I had chores to do.
That's all right.
What was the reason for your call?
I want to do something tomorrow with you.
Sounds good. What did you have in mind?
I was thinking about seeing a movie.
Okay, let's go see a movie.
Until then.
Talk to you later.
===
Is Papaya available?
You're talking to her.
I've called you a hundred times today.
I was busy doing something. I apologize.
No problem.
Did you need something?
Did you want to do something tomorrow?
Is there somewhere special you wanted to go?
How about a movie?
A movie sounds good.
Call me tomorrow then.
I will see you tomorrow.