Tell me, what do you enjoy doing in your spare time?
I enjoy drawing and painting.
You know how to draw and paint?
Yes, I do.
When did you learn how to do that?
I learned that when I was very young.
Oh, so you took an art class?
Yeah, I loved that class.
I see that you're pretty talented.
Thank you very much.
I wish I had a talent like that.
I'm sure you have a talent. It's just hidden.
===
What kinds of things do you like to do?
I've always liked to draw and paint.
I didn't know you knew how to draw and paint.
I do it every once in a while.
How long have you known how to do that?
I first learned how to do it in kindergarten.
Did you take some sort of art class or something?
That was my favorite class.
You have got to be talented.
Thanks. I feel flattered.
If only I was talented.
You have a talent. You just don't know what it is yet.
===
Are there any hobbies you do?
When I have time, I sometimes draw and paint.
Oh, you actually do that?
Every so often, I do.
Did you always know how to draw and paint?
I was taught in kindergarten how to draw and paint.
You had an art class?
Exactly, it was my favorite class.
Well, it's good that you're so talented.
I appreciate that.
Talent is a great thing, I wish I had one.
Everyone has a talent. They just need to find it.
===
Which movie do you like the most?
It's hard to say. One of my favorite movies is Superbad.
Oh, why do you like that movie?
It's the funniest movie that I've ever seen.
That's true. It is a very funny movie.
You've seen it before? 
Yes, I saw that movie the first day it came out in theaters.
Didn't you laugh through the whole movie? I did.
Me too. That movie brought tears to my eyes.
Mine too.
I have it on DVD at my house if you want to come over and watch it.
Sure, let's go.
===
Which movie is your favorite to watch?
I have to say, my favorite movie is Superbad.
Is that right? Why do you like that movie?
Honestly, it is one of the funniest movies I've seen in a long time.
You're right. That movie is hilarious.
I didn't think you saw that movie.
I went to see it the day it came out.
I was laughing through the whole movie.
I couldn't help laughing, either. 
Same here.
I bought the movie. Would you like to come to my house and watch it?
Of course.
===
Out of every movie that you've seen, which one is your favorite?
I'm going to have to say that Superbad is the best movie ever.
You think that is interesting, how come?
Well, it is super funny.
You're not lying, I found that movie absolutely hilarious.
I didn't know that you saw Superbad before.
I made sure to be in line to see it the first day it came out.
I couldn't keep from laughing throughout the whole movie.
I was laughing hysterically the whole time; my stomach muscles hurt afterwards.
That's exactly how I felt.
I got the movie when it came out on DVD, do you want to come over?
I would love to.
===
What type of music do you like to listen to?
I like listening to different kinds of music.
Like what type of songs, for instance?
I enjoy classic and country songs.
Why do you enjoy those types of songs?
They calm me down and feel very relaxed.
That's a good reason to like something.
Yeah, I think so too.
===
What kind of music do you enjoy listening to?
I enjoy listening to all kinds of music.
What kind of songs, for example?
I like classic and country songs most.
Why do you like that type of music?
They are very soothing and make me feel very relaxed.
I think that's an excellent reason to like something.
Thanks, I feel the same way.
===
What is your favorite kind of music?
I listen to various types of music.
What genres?
Like classic and country songs.
What interests you in that type of music?
They are very soothing and calm me down.
That is a perfect reason to like a certain kind of music.
That's exactly what I think too.