I would like to order cable.
Sure, what package do you want?
What kinds of packages do you offer?
We have all kinds of movie channel packages.
What else do you have?
There is a package for all sports channels.
Do you have a package that includes all the movie channels with the basic channels also?
Yes, we do offer that package.
I want that.
Do you want anything else?
No, but is it possible for me to add channels later?
You can always get rid of channels or add some later.
===
I want to get some cable.
Do you know what package you want to get?
What packages do you have?
We have movie channel packages.
What else have you got?
You can get the sports package.
Is there a package with basic and movie channels?
We have that package.
Let me get that package.
Is there anything else you would like?
That's everything, but can I add channels later?
You will be able to add or get rid of channels another day.
===
May I order some cable from you today?
Okay, what package would you like to order?
I'm not sure of what packages you offer.
We offer packages with all the movie channels.
Are there any other packages?
We also have packages with all the sports channels.
I want a package that has the basic and movie channels.
We have that available.
I would like to get that.
Would you like anything else with your package?
That's it, but will I be able to add more channels at another time?
Yes, you can add or get rid of channels later on if you would like.
===
I would like to order some internet today.
What kind would you like?
What kind of internet is there?
You can get DSL or dial-up.
Which of those two is best?
I would recommend DSL.
Is that one better?
It's better because it doesn't tie up your phone.
What do you mean by that?
DSL isn't connected through your phone line, but dial-up is.
So then I can't use my phone if I'm on the internet?
That's correct. With DSL you can do both.
===
I need to get internet.
Which kind of internet connection do you want to get?
What kind of internet can I get?
There is dial-up or DSL.
Which one do you feel is best?
I would get DSL if I were you.
DSL is better than dial-up?
It's the best choice; plus, it won't tie up your phone line.
I'm not sure what that means.
Dial-up is connected through your phone, unlike DSL.
That'll make it impossible for me to use.
Exactly. With DSL you don't have that problem.
===
I'd like to have internet for my computer.
Do you know what kind of internet you would like to get?
What are my options for the internet?
You can either get dial-up or DSL.
Which one would you recommend?
DSL is the best choice.
Why is DSL better?
It's a lot better because it doesn't tie up your phone line.
What exactly does that mean?
Well, with dial-up your internet is connected by your phone line.
That means that I can't use my phone and the internet at the same time, right?
That's right. You won't have that problem with DSL.
===
I am calling about my cable service.
What's the problem?
For the past week my cable hasn't been working.
I apologize, but the cable has been down lately.
Do you know when it is going to start working again?
Give it a couple days, and it should be back on.
Will I still have to pay for the cable while it's not working?
Since it's not working, I'm going to give you a credit.
So I don't have to pay anything?
You won't pay anything until your service starts working again.
Okay, thank you very much for your help.
No problem. Thank you for being so understanding.
===
I have a question about my cable.
What do you need?
I haven't been able to use my cable service for the past week.
Right now the cable isn't working.
Could you tell me when the cable will be back on?
The cable should be running again in a couple of days.
In the meantime, do I still have to pay for the cable?
We'll just give you a credit for the inconvenience.
Does that mean I won't have to pay for it?
It'll be free until it comes back on.
Thanks, I appreciate your help.
Thank you for all your patience.
===
I have a problem with my cable.
What about it?
My cable has been out for the past week or so.
The cable is down right now. I am very sorry.
When will it be working again?
It should be back on in the next couple of days.
Do I still have to pay for the cable?
We're going to give you a credit while the cable is down.
So, I don't have to pay for it?
No, not until your cable comes back on.
Thanks for everything.
You're welcome, and thank you for your understanding.
===
I need somebody to come over and fix my internet.
What's wrong with it?
For some reason it's just not connecting.
How long have you been having this problem?
It hasn't been working the past few days.
Does the internet come up at all?
It does, but it won't connect to anything.
Well, the internet isn't down, so there must be something wrong with your connection.
Could you send someone to fix it today?
I'll send somebody over right away to fix it.
When will they be here?
They should be there in the next hour.
===
I need to get my internet fixed.
What's the problem with your internet?
It won't connect.
How long has this been happening?
This connection problem has been happening for a few days now.
The internet doesn't come up at all?
It just won't connect to a webpage, but it will pop up.
There's obviously a problem with your connection.
I'm going to need someone to come and fix it for me.
I can send somebody right now to fix it.
How long will it take for them to get here?
They'll be there in about an hour.
===
Can you send someone to fix my internet?
Are you having a problem with it?
My internet is having problems connecting.
Can you tell me how long your internet has been messing up?
I've been having this problem for the last few days.
Will the internet even pop up?
It'll pop up, but it won't connect to a webpage.
Since the internet isn't broken, your connection must be messed up.
Do you think you can send somebody over to fix it?
If you'd like, I can send someone to fix it right now.
How long will it be till they get here?
It should be no longer than an hour.