Q: What is Call of Duty : Warfare ?
A: It is an interactive , multiplayer gun game that people play all around the world .
Q: What is Call of Duty : Zombie Apocalypse ?
A: It is a zombie version of Call Duty : Black Ops where players shoot their guns at zombies instead of other players .
Q: Who is Sub-Zero ?
A: Sub-Zero is a fictional Mortal Kombat character and is the grandmaster of Quan-Chi .
Q: Who is Scorpion ?
A: Scorpion is a fictional Mortal Kombat character and is often known as Sub-Zero 's nemesis .
Q: Who is Batman ?
A: Batman is a famous hero from DC universe that saves peoples ' lives .
Q: Who is Superman ?
A: Superman is a famous hero / villain from DC universe known as the Man of Steel .
Q: Who is Wolverine ?
A: Wolverine is a hero from Marvel universe and fights his `` brother '' Sabretooth .
Q: How did Wolverine die ?
A: He died because of food poisoning and adamantium poisoning .
Q: Who is Sabretooth ?
A: Sabretooth is a villain from Marvel universe and fights Wolverine hoping to kill him once and for all .
Q: What is Super Mario Bros ?
A: Super Mario Bros is a fun game where Mario and Luigi help save Princess Peach from Bowser .
Q: What is Madden ?
A: Madden is a series of football games where you buy players with coins and update your lineup for the next year .
Q: What is Angry Birds ?
A: Angry Birds is a famous game where Red and his friends help save their island and eggs from the green Pigs .
Q: Who is Spiderman ?
A: Spiderman is a fictional hero from Marvel universe and helps save people from danger .
Q: Who is Flash in DC universe ?
A: Flash is hero from DC universe whose superpower is speed . He can at the speed of light forever .
Q: Who is Zoom in DC universe ?
A: Zoom is a fictional villain from DC universe who considers Flash his nemesis .
Q: Who is Wonder Woman ?
A: Wonder Woman is a fictional hero from DC universe who is part of the Amazons . Her real name is Diana and she is the guardian of her island .
Q: Who is Bane ?
A: Bane is a villain from DC universe and his superpower is strength . He gains strength from toxic tubes that he wears along with his mask .
Q: Who is the Joker ?
A: Joker is the ultimate madman from DC universe . He hires assassins like Deathstroke , Bane , and Catwoman to kill Batman . He combines humor with deadly weapons to intimidate anyone against him .
Q: Who is Deathstroke ?
A: Deathstroke is a fictional villain from DC universe and is known for being a mercenary . He fights for money . He is a trained expert in martial arts and also a military leader .
Q: Who Ant Man ?
A: Ant Man is a hero from Marvel universe that can change sizes whenever he needs to . He can also communicate with ants .
Q: Who is Catwoman ?
A: Catwoman is a villain / hero from DC universe and loves money and jewelry . Her real name is Selina Kyle and she later marries Batman .
Q: Who is Deadshot ?
A: Deadshot is a villain from DC universe and is famous for his accuracy . He uses a sniper to kill people and has never missed . He often can kill 8 people with a single bullet .
Q: What is the Guardians of the Galaxy ?
A: The Guardians of the Galaxy is a series of movies describing the adventures of the famous heroes : Drax , Gurt , Rocket Raccoon , Starlord , etc .
Q: What is Injustice video game ?
A: Injustice is a DC universe combat game where characters from DC universe fight against other characters and bosses .
===
Q: In Greek mythology , who is the god of lightning ?
A: The god of lightning is Zeus .
Q: Who is the god of lightning ?
A: In Greek mythology , the god of lightning is Zeus .
===
Q: In Greek mythology , who is the goddess of love and beauty ?
A: The goddess of love and beauty is Aphrodite .
Q: Who is the goddess of love and beauty ?
A: In Greek mythology , the goddess of love and beauty is Aphrodite .
===
Q: In Greek mythology , who is the god of war ?
A: The god of war is Ares .
Q: Who is the god of war ?
A: In Greek mythology , the god of war is Ares .
===
Q: In Greek mythology , who is the god of the underworld ?
A: The god of the underworld is Hades .
Q: Who is the god of the underworld ?
A: The god of the underworld is Hades in Greek mythology .
===
Q: In Greek mythology , who is the god of fire ?
A: The god of fire is Hephaestus .
Q: Who is the god of fire ?
A: The god of fire is Hephaestus in Greek mythology .
===
Q: In Greek mythology , who is the god of water ?
A: The god of water is Poseidon .
Q: Who is the god of water ?
A: The god of water is Poseidon in Greek mythology .
===
Q: In Greek mythology , who is the god of love ?
A: The god of love is Cupid .
Q: Who is the god of love in Greek mythology ?
A: The god of love is Cupid .
===
Q: In Greek mythology , who is the god of wine ?
A: The god of wine is Dionysus .
Q: Who is the god of wine in Greek mythology ?
A: The god of wine is Dionysus .
===
Q: In Greek mythology , who is the goddess of marriage ?
A: The goddess of marriage is Hera .
Q: Who is the goddess of marriage in Greek mythology ?
A: The goddess of marriage is Hera .
===
Q: In Greek mythology , who is the goddess of agriculture ?
A: The goddess of agriculture is Demeter .
Q: In Greek mythology , who is the goddess of wisdom ?
A: The goddess of wisdom is Athena .
Q: In Greek mythology , who is the god of archery and music ?
A: The god of archery and music is Apollo .
Q: In Greek mythology , who is the goddess of victory ?
A: The goddess of victory is Nike .
Q: In Greek mythology , who is the god bad luck ?
A: The goddess of bad luck is Nemesis .
Q: In Greek mythology , who is the god of sleep ?
A: The god of sleep is Hypnos .
Q: In Greek mythology , who is the goddess of rainbows ?
A: The goddess of rainbows is Iris .
Q: In Greek mythology , who is goddess of choices ?
A: The goddess of choices is Hecate .
Q: In Greek mythology , who is the god of beginnings ?
A: The god of beginnings is Janus .
===
Q: In Greek mythology , who is the goddess of good luck and fortune ?
A: The goddess of good luck is Tyche .
Q: Who is the goddess of good luck and fortune ?
A: The goddess of good luck is Tyche .
===
Q: In Greek mythology , who is the god of roadways ?
A: The god of roadways is Hermes .
Q: Who is the god of roadways ?
A: The god of roadways is Hermes .
===
Q: In Greek mythology , who is the goddess of the moon ?
A: The goddess of the moon is Artemis .
Q: Who is the goddess of the moon ?
A: The goddess of the moon is Artemis .
===
Q: In Greek mythology , who is the god of the winds ?
A: The god of the winds is Aeolus .
Q: Who is the god of the winds ?
A: The god of the winds is Aeolus .
===
Q: In Greek mythology , who is the god of time ?
A: The god of time is Cronos .
Q: Who is the god of time ?
A: The god of time is Cronos .
===
Q: In Greek mythology , who is the god of sexual desire ?
A: The god of sexual desire is Eros .
Q: Who is the god of sexual desire ?
A: The god of sexual desire is Eros .
===
Q: What is hard and pink when it goes in , but soft and wet when it comes out ?
A: Bubblegum and you should be ashamed of yourself .
Q: What 's most useful when it 's long and hard ?
A: A college education .
Q: If you put three fingers into the hole , it 's gon na be a shocker . What am I talking about ?
A: A power outlet . because that would give you an electric shock . Do n't do it .
Q: If you 're American in your living room , then what are you in your bathroom ?
A: European !
Q: What do you comb a rabbit with ?
A: A hare brush !
===
Q: What gets wetter and wetter the more it dries ?
A: A towel !
Q: Why did the can crusher quit his job ?
A: He found it soda pressing .
Q: What did the hat say to the tie ?
A: You hang around , and I 'll go on ahead !
Q: Why did the cookie cry ?
A: Cos his mom was a wafer too long !
Q: Why are ghosts happy in elevators ?
A: It lifts their spirits !
===
Q: What 's a rapist favorite pair of shoes ?
A: White vans !
Q: Why were the teacher 's eyes crossed ?
A: Because she could n't control her pupils .
Q: Why are E.T . 's eyes so big ?
A: He saw the phone bill for phoning home . No free long distance on his plan .
Q: What happens when a frog parks illegally ?
A: It gets toad !
Q: Why did the leprechaun iron his 4-leaf clover ?
A: He wanted to press his luck !
===
Q: What did the house wear to the party ?
A: Address !
Q: What did the mermaid wear to math class ?
A: An algae-bra !
Q: Where does a person work if they only have one leg ?
A: IHOP !
Q: Why did the deer need braces ?
A: Because he had buck teeth !
Q: How do you know when Santa is in the room ?
A: You can sense his presents !
===
Q: What 's even the use for circles ?
A: They 're pointless !
Q: Why does Santa Clause have a big sack ?
A: Because he only comes once a year !
Q: How do you drown a hipster ?
A: In the mainstream !
Q: What 's smarter than a talking cat ?
A: A spelling bee !
Q: Have you heard the one about the wall ?
A: You 'll never get over it !
===
Q: What 's Forrest Gump 's password ?
A: 1Forrest1
Q: Why did the bee have sticky hair ?
A: Because it used a honeycomb !
Q: How does herpes leave the hospital ?
A: On crotches !
Q: How do you find Will Smith in the snow ?
A: Look for the fresh prints !
Q: What did the vegetables say at the garden party ?
A: Lettuce turnip the beet !
===
Q: What concert costs 45 cents ?
A: 50 cent featuring nickelback .
Q: How much did Santa Clause pay for his sleigh ?
A: Nothing , it was on the house !
Q: What did Mrs. Claus say to Santa Clause when he asked about the weather ?
A: `` It looks like reindeer ! ''
Q: What 's the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman ?
A: Snowballs !
Q: How did the hipster burn his tongue ?
A: He sipped his coffee before it was cool !
===
Q: What did the blanket say when it fell off the bed ?
A: Oh sheet !
Q: Why are goldfish the only snacks that smile ?
A: Because they 're baked !
Q: What happened to the lost cattle ?
A: Nobody herd !
Q: Why should n't you play Poker at the zoo ?
A: Because they 're too many cheetahs !
Q: Why is there a gate around cemeteries ?
A: People are dying to get in !
===
Q: When does Friday come before Thursday ?
A: In the dictionary .
Q: What did the football coach say to the broken vending machine ?
A: Give me my quarterback !
Q: What do you get if you cross a snowman with a vampire ?
A: Frostbite !
Q: Why did the picture go to jail ?
A: Because he got framed !
Q: What does the grape say when it gets squashed ?
A: Nothing ... it just lets out a little wine !
===
Q: How do you organize a space party ?
A: You planet !
Q: What did one plate say to the other ?
A: Dinner 's on me !
Q: Why do seagulls fly over the sea ?
A: Because if they flew over the bay , they would be bagels !
Q: Why do golfers wear two pairs of pants ?
A: In case they get a hole in one !
Q: Where did the cat go when it lost its tail ?
A: The retail store !
===
Q: What do you find in the middle of nowhere ?
A: The letter h !
Q: What does a shark eat with peanut butter ?
A: A jellyfish !
Q: What do you call a female with one leg longer than the other ?
A: Eileen !
Q: What did the tree say to the wind ?
A: Leaf me alone !
Q: What does a nosy pepper do ?
A: He gets jalapeno business !
Q: Want to hear a pizza joke ?
A: Never mind , it is too cheesy !
===
Q: How many clefs are there in a piano ?
A: There are two different clefs called treble clef and bass clef .
Q: Why do people need two hands to play the piano ?
A: People need two hands to play because there are two clefs involved .
Q: What is a violin ?
A: A violin is a small instrument and has a high pitch .
Q: What is a viola ?
A: A viola is a bigger instrument than the violin but not as big as a cello .
Q: What is a cello ?
A: A cello is a big instrument but not as big as the bass and has a low pitch .
Q: What is a bass ?
A: A bass is the biggest instrument of all and a player needs to stand up in order to play .
===
Q: What is the Alto clef ?
A: The Alto clef is the clef used for the violas because their pitch is in the middle .
Q: What is a pitch and is it related to volume ?
A: A pitch is a basically how high or low the note is but it is not related to volume .
Q: What is the pitch measured in ?
A: The pitch is measured in a unit called Hertz .
Q: What is Soprano ?
A: Soprano is the highest vocal range usually by females .
Q: What is a string instrument ?
A: A string instrument is an instrument with strings .
Q: Is the piano a string instrument ?
A: Yes , if you look closely at the back you will see that each key on the piano has a string .
Q: Is the viola and violin a string instrument ?
A: Yes , string instruments consist of piano , violin , viola , bass , guitar , and cello .
Q: Is each instrument different ?
A: Yes , each instrument is unique and produces a very different sound than another .
===
Q: Who invented basketball , Papaya ?
A: According to sports-related history books , it was a PE coach by the name of James Naismith .
Q: What caused Naismith to create basketball ?
A: It was all because of heavy weather outside during winter . As a result , he moved his class into the gym .
Q: What equipment did Naismith use ?
A: He used a peach basket as a hoop and a rubber ball for a basketball .
Q: Who are some of the most popular sport athletes in the world nowadays ?
A: Some of the most popular athletes in the world are , but not limited to , Usain Bolt , Lebron James , Michael Jordan , Stephen Curry , Kevin Durant , Jerry Rice , etc .
===
Q: What is the length and width of a football field ?
A: A football field 's length is 100 yards and its width is 160 feet .
Q: What causes casualties during a football game ?
A: Injuries come from slippery field , tackles , weather , etc .
Q: What are some of the injuries that can happen during a football game ?
A: Injuries include contusions , broken bones , fractures , twisted ankles , concussions , headache , broken ribs , cerebral edema , and even death .
Q: How many points is a touchdown worth ?
A: A touchdown is worth 6 points .
===
Q: What is the universal solvent ?
A: The universal solvent is water .
Q: What is a heterozygous solution ?
A: A heterozygous solution is when the solute does not dissolve in the solvent .
===
Q: How many chromosomes does a human have ?
A: A human being has 46 chromosomes or 23 pairs .
===
Q: What is the Periodic Table of Elements in Chemistry ?
A: The Periodic Table of Elements is a table displaying the various types of chemical substances found so far .
Q: What is the chemical symbol for gold ?
A: The chemical symbol for gold is AU .
===
Q: What is the chemical symbol for water ?
A: The chemical symbol for water is H2O .
Q: Why is the chemical symbol for water H2O ?
A: The chemical symbol is H2O because it a hydrogen bond consists of 2 hydrogen atoms and 1 oxygen atom .
Q: What is a mole in chemistry ?
A: The mole , abbreviated mol , is an SI unit which measures the number of particles in a specific substance .
===
Q: What is an alkene ?
A: An alkene is an unsaturated hydrocarbon that contains one or more carbon-carbon double bonds .
Q: What is an alkyne ?
A: An alkyne is an unsaturated hydrocarbon containing at least one carbon-carbon triple bond .
Q: What is an alkane ?
A: An alkane is just an unsaturated hydrocarbon that consists of only carbon-carbon single bonds .
===
Q: What is the scientific method ?
A: The scientific method is a process scientists utilize to test a hypothesis .