Q: I 'm calling today about a bill that I never received .
A: Can you tell me which credit card it was for ?
Q: It was for my Master Card .
A: You should 've gotten that bill two weeks ago .
Q: I have n't got it in the mail yet .
A: The computer is showing that all bills have been mailed .
Q: What am I supposed to do about my bill then ?
A: Maybe you should call your post office .
Q: But if it 's their mistake , can I get an extension on my bill payment ?
A: Yes , but you will need to send us proof of their mistake .
Q: Thank you very much for your help .
A: No problem . Enjoy the rest of your day .
===
Q: I have n't received my credit card bill yet .
A: Which credit card are you speaking of ?
Q: My Master Card .
A: We sent that bill out a couple of weeks ago .
Q: I never got it .
A: Your bill was mailed already .
Q: What am I going to do since I have n't received the bill ?
A: If you have n't gotten it yet , then you should probably take that up with your post office .
Q: Can I get an extension on my bill if it does happen to be the post office 's fault ?
A: If that 's the case , you will need to provide proof of their mistake .
Q: Thanks for everything .
A: Do n't mention it . Call back if you have any more problems .
===
Q: I was inquiring about a bill that I never got .
A: Which credit card was the bill for ?
Q: The bill was for my Master Card .
A: That bill should have been mailed about two weeks ago .
Q: It never came in the mail .
A: My computer shows that it has already been mailed .
Q: I have not gotten my bill , so what should I do about that ?
A: You should try contacting your post office .
Q: If it is the post office 's fault , may I have an extension on my bill ?
A: You 'll have to prove it was their error ; then you can get an extension .
Q: Thank you for all your help .
A: You are very welcome . Have a good day .
===
Q: There 's a problem with my credit card .
A: Tell me what the problem is .
Q: A charge came up on my bill that I did n't make .
A: What was the charge for ?
Q: The charge was for a $ 350 purse , but I did not buy it .
A: Are you sure that you did n't make that purchase ?
Q: I would know if I bought something that expensive .
A: I apologize . What day was this purchase made ?
Q: It was bought on November 12th at 3:15 pm , while I was at work .
A: All right , we 'll do an investigation .
Q: Until this investigation is finished , will I have to pay for the charge ?
A: No , you do n't . We 'll take care of it .
===
Q: I have a problem with my credit card .
A: What 's wrong with it ?
Q: There is a charge on my card that I did n't make .
A: Can you tell me what the charge was ?
Q: It 's for a purse that cost $ 350 .
A: Are you positive that you did n't buy the purse ?
Q: I ca n't even afford a purse that expensive .
A: I 'm very sorry . When was this purchase made ?
Q: I was at work , but the purchase was made at 3:15 on November 12th .
A: We 're going to investigate this claim .
Q: Do I have to pay for this charge ?
A: You wo n't have to pay for anything .
===
Q: There is something wrong with my credit card .
A: What 's the problem ?
Q: There is a charge on here that I never made .
A: What charge was made ?
Q: It was a charge for a $ 350 purse that I never bought .
A: You did n't make this purchase ?
Q: I think I would remember if I made a purchase that large .
A: Sorry . When was this purse purchased ?
Q: It was purchased on the 12th of November at 3:15 pm , but I was at work .
A: We 'll do an investigation and get to the bottom of this .
Q: In the meantime , do I have to pay for this charge ?
A: No . We 'll take care of everything .