Could you help me make a plane reservation?
I would be happy to help you. Where do you plan on going?
I am going to go to Hawaii.
For that destination, you may leave from Los Angeles or Burbank Airport. Which would you prefer?
I think that I would rather leave from Los Angeles Airport.
Would you prefer a morning or afternoon departure?
I need to leave in the morning.
Fine. On your return flight, do you have a preference as to morning or afternoon?
I would prefer to return in the afternoon.
I have booked you on your flight at a great rate. Here are your tickets.
===
I need to make a plane reservation.
That is what I am here for. What is your destination?
I will be traveling to Aspen, Colorado.
Would you prefer to leave from Los Angeles or Burbank Airport?
Burbank Airport would be best for me.
You can leave in the morning of afternoon from that airport. Do you have a preference?
I can only take a flight that leaves in the afternoon.
I can book that for you right now. When you return, would you prefer morning or afternoon?
I think that I would like a morning return flight better.
I was able to book your flight, and I will print your tickets right now. Have a great trip!
===
I am planning a trip and need help making my airline reservation.
Sure. Where are you traveling to on your trip?
I will be vacationing in Oregon.
You have an option of departing from Los Angeles or Burbank Airport. What is your preference?
I live closer to Los Angeles Airport, so that would be the best choice.
Does it matter to you if you leave in the morning or afternoon?
I can leave at either morning or afternoon.
I'll put you on a morning flight. Is a morning or afternoon return flight preferable for you?
Either morning or afternoon would work for me.
I'll give you an afternoon flight. Here are your tickets.
===
Have you ever booked a flight online?
I have booked airline tickets online many times. It has worked out great for me!
How do you book airline tickets online?
The best way is to go to a website like Travelocity or Expedia. They can help you find the best price.
What information do I need to provide to book a flight?
You need to know where you are going and when you want to travel.
How do I get the cheapest rate for the tickets?
Usually you get the best price by having some flexibility in your travel time and dates.
Can I fly on different airlines?
You can choose the airline you prefer to fly with or let the website find you the best deal.
===
Do you think it is a good idea to book airline tickets online?
I think that booking airline tickets online is the only way to go.
Can you help me figure out how to book airline tickets online?
You can find the best price by using a website like Travelocity or Expedia.
What do I need to know to book a flight?
You will need to type in the dates that you wish to travel and where you are going.
How do I get the best price for the tickets?
If you have some flexibility in when you can travel, that will usually get you a better rate.
Can I choose which airline I fly with?
These sites deal with a lot of different airlines, so you can choose whichever one you prefer.
===
Is booking airline tickets online a good way to go?
I have had really good luck booking airline tickets online.
How do you book airline tickets online?
Usually you can find the best price by using a website like Travelocity or Expedia.
What are they going to ask me to book a flight?
They will ask you when you will be traveling and what your destination will be.
Is there anything special I can do to get the lowest price?
You get a better rate if you aren't too particular about what time you travel.
Do you have to fly with a particular airline?
The travel sites deal with many different airlines. It is always up to you to choose who you will fly with.
===
I would like to book a flight.
I can help you with that. Where are you traveling to?
I am traveling to Singapore.
What date will you be traveling?
I want to fly on June 14th.
Do you want to fly out of Los Angeles International or Burbank Airport?
I would like to fly out of Los Angeles International Airport.
Would you prefer a morning or an afternoon flight?
I would rather fly in the morning.
Well, I have you booked on a flight that will fit your schedule. The tickets will arrive by mail in a few days.
===
I want to buy a plane ticket.
I can help you make your reservation. What is your destination?
My final destination is Sydney, Australia.
What is your travel date?
I am making a reservation for December 12th.
Would you prefer to leave from Los Angeles International or Burbank Airport?
I want to fly out of Burbank Airport.
Would you rather fly in the morning or later in the day?
I need an afternoon flight.
I have you booked on a flight in the afternoon. Your tickets will arrive in the mail within 3 days.
===
I need to make a plane reservation.
We can book your trip right now. What city are you flying to?
I need to fly to New York City.
What date would you like me to book this plane ticket for?
I need a flight on July 4th.
You can fly out of Los Angeles International or Burbank Airport. Which do you prefer?
I will fly out of whatever airport has the cheapest price.
If you have a choice, what time of day would you prefer to fly?
I would like to be booked on the least expensive flight.
I was able to find an inexpensive flight for you. We are sending you your tickets in the mail.
===
I would like to make a hotel reservation.
What day will you be arriving?
I will be arriving on May 14th.
How long will you be staying?
I need the room for 3 nights.
How many people will be staying in the room?
I will be staying in the room alone.
Would you like a smoking or nonsmoking room?
We need a nonsmoking room.
We have booked a room for you. Please be sure to arrive before 4:00 on your check-in date.
===
I would like to book a reservation at your hotel.
What date would you like to make that reservation for?
I need the reservation for May 14th.
How many days do you need the reservation for?
I will be staying for 3 nights.
Is that a single room, or will there be more guests?
I need a double room.
We have smoking and nonsmoking rooms. Which do you prefer?
We require a smoking room.
Your room is booked. You must arrive before 4:00 the day you are to check in.
===
I need to book a room at your hotel.
On what day will you be beginning your stay?
Our stay will be beginning on May 14th.
Can you tell me how many days you need the room for?
Please book the room for 3 nights.
Would you like a single or double room?
I need a room for 3 people.
Do you need a nonsmoking room?
We must have a nonsmoking room.
We have reserved your room. To secure the room, you must pre-pay with a credit card.