I am interested in selling my home and would like to know what is involved.
You have come to the right place. When were you interested in selling your home?
I just received a job transfer and need to relocate right away.
How long have you been in your current home?
I have lived in my home for about 10 years.
As I am sure that you are aware, the market has fallen in the past year. People are more likely to make money if they have owned their home for a while.
Will I be able to recover the money I paid for my home?
It is hard to say, but whatever house you buy will also be costing you a lot less.
What is the next step in selling my home?
I would like to meet with you tomorrow to look at your property, and then you and I can figure out a contract.
===
I am looking for a realtor to help me sell my home.
I would be happy to help you with any questions that you might have. When were you thinking of selling your home?
I am interested in moving up to a bigger home, but first I need to sell the one I now own.
Have you owned your home for a long time?
I just bought my home two years ago.
I think you probably know that the market is not all that great. You are more likely to see a profit if you have owned for 8 years or more.
Will I be losing money if I sell right now?
It is impossible to predict with certainty what will happen, but you can purchase a replacement home at a lower rate also.
What can I do next to get the ball rolling on this sale?
If it works for you, I would like to come over and see your home. Then we can draw up a contract.
===
I am considering selling my home and would like information on doing so.
It would be my pleasure to answer any questions that you might have. Were you interested in selling in the near future?
I am just checking out the possibility of selling, as I am thinking of moving to Hawaii.
Is your home a recent purchase, or have you owned it for a while?
The house has been in my family for years, but I just became the owner 6 months ago when my mother passed away.
Housing prices have fallen quite a bit. The longer you have owned your home, the greater the profit.
Am I going to lose my shirt selling my home right now?
It will all kind of even out. You may sell low, but you can also buy low.
What should we be doing to get the process started?
If it fits into your schedule, I could meet you tomorrow morning and we could take a look at your property. The next step would be us both signing a contract.
===
Thank you for coming to look at my house.
I really wanted to take a look and help give you an idea of what we need to do.
When will people come to look at my house?
Basically, there are two ways people can view your home. They can come to an Open House or they can come with a Realtor to view it during a private appointment.
Will people from other real estate offices be involved, or just from your office?
Your house is going to be listed as a Multiple Listing so that it will have the maximum exposure to a variety of people.
Will I know when people are going to come see my house?
We will set the parameters in the contract, but usually you will receive at least four hours of notification that someone is coming.
What happens during an Open House day?
You will be expected to be away during an Open House. I will take care of the details.
===
I appreciate you dropping by to look at my home.
It is useful for us to take a walk through your home together, so that we make sure that we are on the same page.
How do you show my home to potential buyers?
We will have an Open House or two on a weekend and we also will show your home with private appointments during the week.
Are you the only real estate office that will be showing my house?
We are placing your house as a Multiple Listing. That way, people who don't work for my particular office can show your home to their clients.
How will I know when to expect prospective house buyers?
That will be set in your contract. Usually, you will be given four hours notice.
Can I stay home during an Open House day?
The seller is never at home during an Open House. I personally will handle the showing of your home.
===
Thanks for stopping by to evaluate my home.
I want to make sure that you are very clear on what the steps are to selling a home.
When can people come and see my home?
We will have several Open House weekends. Various realtors will also show your house during the week.
Will I know all of the realtors who will be showing my home, or will they be strangers?
Your house will be listed on what we call a Multiple Listing. That way it will be shown by a variety of realtors.
Can people just drop in anytime they feel like the house?
We usually try and give you at least four hours of notification that someone is coming to look at your home.
Will I have to go away during an Open House day?
I will handle all of the work involved for the Open House. The only thing that you need to do is be somewhere else!
===
How much do you think that I should ask for my house?
Well, there are a lot of factors involved in setting an asking price.
What do you look at when setting an asking price for the house?
We need to look at the selling prices for similar homes in the area. These will vary according to the condition of the home, specific location, and lot size.
Do I have to use the comparisons as the asking price for my house?
No, but a seller is not going to be able to get a loan if the selling price is a lot higher that what an appraiser feels the home is worth.
Isn't it better to price my house really high and see what I can get?
You shouldn't set the price of the house unrealistically high. Oftentimes buyers are put off by this practice.
Can I change my mind and lower my price if the home doesn't sell?
Sure, you can always lower your asking price.
===
I am not sure what the asking price for my house should be.
We have to take in a number of factors in setting an asking price.
What do we need to consider in establishing an acceptable price for a home?
The comparisons to other similar homes in your area give us a good indication of what your home is worth. 
Is the price that we get by looking at comparisons necessarily the asking price that I have to use for my home?
You don't have to use that particular asking price, but the buyer is going to have trouble getting a loan if the house is priced too high.
Should I just shoot for the moon and, if I have to lower the price, do it later?
You should be realistic in your pricing. Otherwise, many potential buyers just walk away.
Can we lower the asking price later if we need to?
We can always re-evaluate the asking price in a few weeks, if we aren't getting any offers.
===
What do you think the asking price of my home should be?
There are many things to take into consideration when pricing a home.
What is involved in figuring out an asking price?
We need to combine many factors regarding your home to come up with an accurate value for your home.
When you look at comparisons, do I necessarily have to ask that price?
You don't have to use the price from the comparisons as your asking price. However, you must be realistic in what you ask.
I think that I am going to set the price really high so that I have room to bargain with the buyers.
Don't go overboard in trying to get top dollar. More often than not, that strategy backfires.
Is it okay to lower the asking price if the first price isn't bringing in any offers?
If the market doesn't support your asking price, we can always re-evaluate our pricing and adjust it.
===
I am interested in buying a house and need some information.
Yes, of course. What area are you interested in?
I am interested in Pasadena or Arcadia.
What size house would you like?
We need a medium-sized house with at least 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms.
Are you interested in being in a particular school district?
Yes, we want to stay in the ABC School District.
Would you like a home near the lake or would you prefer a view?
I would love to have a home with a view.
Fine, I will begin a search for the perfect home for you. I will call you in a few days.
===
I would like to discuss purchasing a home with you.
I can help you. What location are you looking for?
I would like to live in Pasadena or Arcadia.
Have you thought about what your needs are in terms of size?
We would like a smaller cozy cottage with 2 bedrooms and 1 bathroom.
Is living in a particular school district important to you?
No, we don't really care because they are all pretty good around here.
Are you interested in purchasing on the lake, or would you like a home with a view?
We really want to live in a lakeside home with a dock for our boat.
Now that I have an idea of what you want, I can begin my search.
===
I have been thinking of buying a house and would like to speak with you.
I have time to speak with you. Where would you like to purchase your house?
I am most interested in Pasadena or Arcadia, but would be open to other suggestions.
How many bedrooms and bathrooms do you need?
We have several generations of family living in our household and so need a very large home.
Do you need to be located in a particular school district?
It doesn't matter, as we do not have any children.
Is a view important to you, or would you rather be located on a lakeshore lot?
In a perfect world, we would like a home with a view of the lake.
Thank you for all of the information. I will help you find the perfect house for you.