Q: I was wondering if you could help me use the Student Job Center .
A: There are many ways ; what kind of job would you like ?
Q: I want to work in a restaurant .
A: Fine ! Will you need part-time or full-time work ?
Q: I want to work part-time .
A: Fine , the two best ways are to use our local listings binders over there or you can use the computers with the Internet job listing sites . See them over there ?
Q: Yes , I know what to do with those .
A: Well , in addition , you can schedule an appointment with a job counselor on this list . If you would like to do that , sign here , OK ?
Q: Yes , I will sign there and I hope that would help .
A: Fine , well the job search tools are all here for you to use . Feel free to look around and use what works best for you . Have fun with it !
===
Q: Could you help me figure out how to look for a job ?
A: We have lots of options , what type of job do you need ?
Q: I want to work in an office .
A: Do you want to work part-time or full-time ?
Q: I want to work full-time .
A: We have binders with local job listings or you can make use of the computers . OK ?
Q: I am confused a bit but I am sure that I can figure it out .
A: If you make an appointment with a job counselor , they can also provide you with a lot of information . Do you want to see a counselor ?
Q: No , I do n't think I need to see a counselor . I should be able to figure out everything by myself .
A: Well , you know that this job center is here for your use , so help yourself . Good luck !
===
Q: What is the best way to find a job here ?
A: There are different ways of conducting a job search . Do you know what you want to do ?
Q: I do n't know how to perform the job search .
A: Can you work part-time or full-time ?
Q: It does n't matter right now , either one would be OK .
A: The binders have current local jobs listings and the computer jobs lists are good too . Understand ?
Q: OK , I 'll go check it out . Thank you !
A: Schedule an appointment with a counselor and you can get more information . Would that work for you ?
Q: I am not sure . But I might try to see a counselor and see if that helps .
A: Everything that you need for a successful job search is here . Happy job searching !
===
Q: Could you help me try and figure out how to get ready for my job interview ?
A: The most important thing to do is to make sure you know the company and what services or products it provides . Do you know all about them ?
Q: Yes , I pretty much understand the company .
A: Well , after you 've done your research , you have to decide whether the company is casual or formal . Have you decided what they are yet ?
Q: Yes , I 've been observing them .
A: When you are choosing what to wear , keep all of that in mind . Have you chosen what to wear ?
Q: I already have something to wear .
A: I would always be ready to go shopping with you ! Should we talk about other basics ?
Q: I am ready to think of other things for the interview .
A: You need to make sure you arrive on time , smile , be pleasant and friendly , look the person in the eye and answer all questions to the best of your ability . You 'll do great !
===
Q: I am not sure what to do to get ready for my job interview .
A: Make sure that you understand the company . Do you understand what it is that they do ?
Q: No , I probably need to do some more research .
A: When you 've finished your research it will help you figure out whether your company is rigid in philosophy or kind of more relaxed . Does that make sense ?
Q: I think that their attitude is rather casual .
A: So all of that information will help you to pick out what to wear . Do you have something to wear ?
Q: I have absolutely nothing so far . I might need to buy something .
A: I could go shopping with you sometime if you need it , but can we talk about other basics ?
Q: Yes , where should we go from here ?
A: Focus on being relaxed and open , do n't forget to smile and shake hands and be genuinely interested in what their company is about . I 'm sure you 'll do well .
===
Q: What should I do to prepare for a job interview ?
A: An understanding of the basic workings of a company and the services or goods it provides is essential . Do you have that ?
Q: Sort of , but I could know more , I guess .
A: With that understanding , you can figure out what your company is looking for in terms of basic attitude . Right ?
Q: I think that they are a very formal company .
A: What you wear is important . So keep in mind what is suitable for the company and type of work you will be doing . Need help ?
Q: I need a lot of help in this area , especially how to dress properly .
A: In addition to clothes we need to think about other basics , OK ?
Q: Yes , what else should we think of for an interview ?
A: Be prompt . Do n't forget to be friendly and interested . Listen carefully and listen to what they are really asking you . You 'll be a hit !
===
Q: Good morning , I am here for my interview .
A: Hello , nice to meet you . Have any trouble finding the place ?
Q: No problem . It is very easy to get here for the interview .
A: So why do n't you tell me why you are interested in changing positions ?
Q: Unfortunately , our company is shutting down due to the economy .
A: What would you consider your strengths ?
Q: I am probably best at researching for marketing purposes .
A: What is your biggest weakness ?
Q: I tend to get bored easily and so love to keep myself challenged .
A: We have a position where that could work out well .
===
Q: Thank you for taking the time to interview me .
A: Hi there , I 'm Papaya , the owner of this company . Did you find your way here OK ?
Q: Your assistant gave wonderful directions .
A: Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career ?
Q: Our company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States .
A: What are you best at ?
Q: I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems .
A: What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills ?
Q: I do n't like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy .
A: That is good to hear !
===
Q: Good afternoon . Thank you for the opportunity to interview for this position .
A: Hello , have a seat . I am assuming you found your way here with no trouble ?
Q: Actually , I am very familiar with the area so there was absolutely no problem .
A: I am curious as to why you want to leave your current employer .
Q: I am interested in switching fields .
A: Do you feel that you are exceptionally good at anything in particular ?
Q: I am good at pulling together teams of people to accomplish a task .
A: What are you not good at ?
Q: I am impatient with myself at times and am hard on myself .
A: We appreciate hearing that about you !
===
Q: May I ask you how much this position pays per year ?
A: This job pays sixty-five thousand dollars per year .
Q: What kind of benefits does this job have ?
A: This job provides full medical , dental , and disability .
Q: What type of vacation time do we get ?
A: You get 3 weeks paid vacation that you may use as you wish .
Q: Do we have a 401K ?
A: We offer a 401K with some matching funds available depending on length of service .
Q: What type of professional development do you offer ?
A: We provide up-to-date training on state of the art equipment .
Q: Where do I sign up for my benefits package ?
A: Down the hall . I 'll show you when the interview is over .
===
Q: What is the annual salary for this job ?
A: The annual salary is sixty-five thousand dollars per year .
Q: What does the benefits package include ?
A: This job pays for half of your medical , dental , and disability .
Q: Do we get paid time off ?
A: You have a total of 21 days paid time off which can be used for vacation , personal , or sick leave .
Q: How about the retirement plan ?
A: We still offer a traditional retirement plan that pays out if you stay with the company for 5 years or more .
Q: Can I get company provided specialized training ?
A: We offer full tuition reimbursement for job related classes .
Q: Where is the benefits office ?
A: It 's on the second floor in Suite 201 .
===
Q: What will I earn per year in this job ?
A: You can expect to earn sixty-five thousand dollars per year .
Q: Are we covered by a good benefits plan ?
A: The job has a menu plan where you are given a fixed amount of money and you choose what you most need in terms of benefits .
Q: Can we take personal days off ?
A: You get 2 weeks paid vacation and an additional 10 days of sick leave .
Q: What do you offer in terms of a retirement plan ?
A: We do not currently offer any retirement plan .
Q: Do you reimburse for education that relates to my job ?
A: We allow several weeks release time each year for our employees to attend job-related seminars and conferences .
Q: Do you have a benefits brochure ?
A: Whoa ! Who said you got the job ?
===
Q: Excuse me for being late to work .
A: Where have you been ?
Q: My car broke down .
A: That 's too bad . Please try to fix it so that it does n't happen again .
Q: Yes , I 'll work on it .
A: Thank you , have a seat . We are working on the new project .
Q: Great ! Fill me in for that project .
A: Let 's take a look at the Project .
Q: I do n't understand the projected revenues .
A: Let 's take another look at it for those of you who do n't understand .
===
Q: I am sorry I am so late to work .
A: What was the problem ?
Q: I lost track of time .
A: Things happen ; make sure it does n't become a habit .
Q: It wo n't happen again . Let 's get back to work .
A: All right , please take this message and call this client .
Q: No problem . I will make the phone call .
A: Now does everyone understand the diagram on the board ?
Q: Yes , I understand the numbers .
A: I will explain it again ; especially for those of you who arrived late .
===
Q: I lost track of time , am I late ?
A: Yes . What kept you from arriving on time ?
Q: My friend needed me to help him .
A: I realize that everyone has emergencies ; just get here on time from now on .
Q: My apologies . I will make up the time .
A: I appreciate you saying that and would like you to join us in our meeting .
Q: Sure , I 'll sit right here .
A: Wonderful , does anyone have any questions about this project ?
Q: I am confused about the projected revenues .
A: I 'm glad that some of you get it , but let 's go over it once more .