Q: I am interested in selling my home and would like to know what is involved .
A: You have come to the right place . When were you interested in selling your home ?
Q: I just received a job transfer and need to relocate right away .
A: How long have you been in your current home ?
Q: I have lived in my home for about 10 years .
A: As I am sure that you are aware , the market has fallen in the past year . People are more likely to make money if they have owned their home for a while .
Q: Will I be able to recover the money I paid for my home ?
A: It is hard to say , but whatever house you buy will also be costing you a lot less .
Q: What is the next step in selling my home ?
A: I would like to meet with you tomorrow to look at your property , and then you and I can figure out a contract .
===
Q: I am looking for a realtor to help me sell my home .
A: I would be happy to help you with any questions that you might have . When were you thinking of selling your home ?
Q: I am interested in moving up to a bigger home , but first I need to sell the one I now own .
A: Have you owned your home for a long time ?
Q: I just bought my home two years ago .
A: I think you probably know that the market is not all that great . You are more likely to see a profit if you have owned for 8 years or more .
Q: Will I be losing money if I sell right now ?
A: It is impossible to predict with certainty what will happen , but you can purchase a replacement home at a lower rate also .
Q: What can I do next to get the ball rolling on this sale ?
A: If it works for you , I would like to come over and see your home . Then we can draw up a contract .
===
Q: I am considering selling my home and would like information on doing so .
A: It would be my pleasure to answer any questions that you might have . Were you interested in selling in the near future ?
Q: I am just checking out the possibility of selling , as I am thinking of moving to Hawaii .
A: Is your home a recent purchase , or have you owned it for a while ?
Q: The house has been in my family for years , but I just became the owner 6 months ago when my mother passed away .
A: Housing prices have fallen quite a bit . The longer you have owned your home , the greater the profit .
Q: Am I going to lose my shirt selling my home right now ?
A: It will all kind of even out . You may sell low , but you can also buy low .
Q: What should we be doing to get the process started ?
A: If it fits into your schedule , I could meet you tomorrow morning and we could take a look at your property . The next step would be us both signing a contract .
===
Q: Thank you for coming to look at my house .
A: I really wanted to take a look and help give you an idea of what we need to do .
Q: When will people come to look at my house ?
A: Basically , there are two ways people can view your home . They can come to an Open House or they can come with a Realtor to view it during a private appointment .
Q: Will people from other real estate offices be involved , or just from your office ?
A: Your house is going to be listed as a Multiple Listing so that it will have the maximum exposure to a variety of people .
Q: Will I know when people are going to come see my house ?
A: We will set the parameters in the contract , but usually you will receive at least four hours of notification that someone is coming .
Q: What happens during an Open House day ?
A: You will be expected to be away during an Open House . I will take care of the details .
===
Q: I appreciate you dropping by to look at my home .
A: It is useful for us to take a walk through your home together , so that we make sure that we are on the same page .
Q: How do you show my home to potential buyers ?
A: We will have an Open House or two on a weekend and we also will show your home with private appointments during the week .
Q: Are you the only real estate office that will be showing my house ?
A: We are placing your house as a Multiple Listing . That way , people who do n't work for my particular office can show your home to their clients .
Q: How will I know when to expect prospective house buyers ?
A: That will be set in your contract . Usually , you will be given four hours notice .
Q: Can I stay home during an Open House day ?
A: The seller is never at home during an Open House . I personally will handle the showing of your home .
===
Q: Thanks for stopping by to evaluate my home .
A: I want to make sure that you are very clear on what the steps are to selling a home .
Q: When can people come and see my home ?
A: We will have several Open House weekends . Various realtors will also show your house during the week .
Q: Will I know all of the realtors who will be showing my home , or will they be strangers ?
A: Your house will be listed on what we call a Multiple Listing . That way it will be shown by a variety of realtors .
Q: Can people just drop in anytime they feel like the house ?
A: We usually try and give you at least four hours of notification that someone is coming to look at your home .
Q: Will I have to go away during an Open House day ?
A: I will handle all of the work involved for the Open House . The only thing that you need to do is be somewhere else !
===
Q: How much do you think that I should ask for my house ?
A: Well , there are a lot of factors involved in setting an asking price .
Q: What do you look at when setting an asking price for the house ?
A: We need to look at the selling prices for similar homes in the area . These will vary according to the condition of the home , specific location , and lot size .
Q: Do I have to use the comparisons as the asking price for my house ?
A: No , but a seller is not going to be able to get a loan if the selling price is a lot higher that what an appraiser feels the home is worth .
Q: Is n't it better to price my house really high and see what I can get ?
A: You should n't set the price of the house unrealistically high . Oftentimes buyers are put off by this practice .
Q: Can I change my mind and lower my price if the home does n't sell ?
A: Sure , you can always lower your asking price .
===
Q: I am not sure what the asking price for my house should be .
A: We have to take in a number of factors in setting an asking price .
Q: What do we need to consider in establishing an acceptable price for a home ?
A: The comparisons to other similar homes in your area give us a good indication of what your home is worth .
Q: Is the price that we get by looking at comparisons necessarily the asking price that I have to use for my home ?
A: You do n't have to use that particular asking price , but the buyer is going to have trouble getting a loan if the house is priced too high .
Q: Should I just shoot for the moon and , if I have to lower the price , do it later ?
A: You should be realistic in your pricing . Otherwise , many potential buyers just walk away .
Q: Can we lower the asking price later if we need to ?
A: We can always re-evaluate the asking price in a few weeks , if we are n't getting any offers .
===
Q: What do you think the asking price of my home should be ?
A: There are many things to take into consideration when pricing a home .
Q: What is involved in figuring out an asking price ?
A: We need to combine many factors regarding your home to come up with an accurate value for your home .
Q: When you look at comparisons , do I necessarily have to ask that price ?
A: You do n't have to use the price from the comparisons as your asking price . However , you must be realistic in what you ask .
Q: I think that I am going to set the price really high so that I have room to bargain with the buyers .
A: Do n't go overboard in trying to get top dollar . More often than not , that strategy backfires .
Q: Is it okay to lower the asking price if the first price is n't bringing in any offers ?
A: If the market does n't support your asking price , we can always re-evaluate our pricing and adjust it .
===
Q: I am interested in buying a house and need some information .
A: Yes , of course . What area are you interested in ?
Q: I am interested in Pasadena or Arcadia .
A: What size house would you like ?
Q: We need a medium-sized house with at least 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms .
A: Are you interested in being in a particular school district ?
Q: Yes , we want to stay in the ABC School District .
A: Would you like a home near the lake or would you prefer a view ?
Q: I would love to have a home with a view .
A: Fine , I will begin a search for the perfect home for you . I will call you in a few days .
===
Q: I would like to discuss purchasing a home with you .
A: I can help you . What location are you looking for ?
Q: I would like to live in Pasadena or Arcadia .
A: Have you thought about what your needs are in terms of size ?
Q: We would like a smaller cozy cottage with 2 bedrooms and 1 bathroom .
A: Is living in a particular school district important to you ?
Q: No , we do n't really care because they are all pretty good around here .
A: Are you interested in purchasing on the lake , or would you like a home with a view ?
Q: We really want to live in a lakeside home with a dock for our boat .
A: Now that I have an idea of what you want , I can begin my search .
===
Q: I have been thinking of buying a house and would like to speak with you .
A: I have time to speak with you . Where would you like to purchase your house ?
Q: I am most interested in Pasadena or Arcadia , but would be open to other suggestions .
A: How many bedrooms and bathrooms do you need ?
Q: We have several generations of family living in our household and so need a very large home .
A: Do you need to be located in a particular school district ?
Q: It does n't matter , as we do not have any children .
A: Is a view important to you , or would you rather be located on a lakeshore lot ?
Q: In a perfect world , we would like a home with a view of the lake .
A: Thank you for all of the information . I will help you find the perfect house for you .