Q: I would like to order cable .
A: Sure , what package do you want ?
Q: What kinds of packages do you offer ?
A: We have all kinds of movie channel packages .
Q: What else do you have ?
A: There is a package for all sports channels .
Q: Do you have a package that includes all the movie channels with the basic channels also ?
A: Yes , we do offer that package .
Q: I want that .
A: Do you want anything else ?
Q: No , but is it possible for me to add channels later ?
A: You can always get rid of channels or add some later .
===
Q: I want to get some cable .
A: Do you know what package you want to get ?
Q: What packages do you have ?
A: We have movie channel packages .
Q: What else have you got ?
A: You can get the sports package .
Q: Is there a package with basic and movie channels ?
A: We have that package .
Q: Let me get that package .
A: Is there anything else you would like ?
Q: That 's everything , but can I add channels later ?
A: You will be able to add or get rid of channels another day .
===
Q: May I order some cable from you today ?
A: Okay , what package would you like to order ?
Q: I 'm not sure of what packages you offer .
A: We offer packages with all the movie channels .
Q: Are there any other packages ?
A: We also have packages with all the sports channels .
Q: I want a package that has the basic and movie channels .
A: We have that available .
Q: I would like to get that .
A: Would you like anything else with your package ?
Q: That 's it , but will I be able to add more channels at another time ?
A: Yes , you can add or get rid of channels later on if you would like .
===
Q: I would like to order some internet today .
A: What kind would you like ?
Q: What kind of internet is there ?
A: You can get DSL or dial-up .
Q: Which of those two is best ?
A: I would recommend DSL .
Q: Is that one better ?
A: It 's better because it does n't tie up your phone .
Q: What do you mean by that ?
A: DSL is n't connected through your phone line , but dial-up is .
Q: So then I ca n't use my phone if I 'm on the internet ?
A: That 's correct . With DSL you can do both .
===
Q: I need to get internet .
A: Which kind of internet connection do you want to get ?
Q: What kind of internet can I get ?
A: There is dial-up or DSL .
Q: Which one do you feel is best ?
A: I would get DSL if I were you .
Q: DSL is better than dial-up ?
A: It 's the best choice ; plus , it wo n't tie up your phone line .
Q: I 'm not sure what that means .
A: Dial-up is connected through your phone , unlike DSL .
Q: That 'll make it impossible for me to use .
A: Exactly . With DSL you do n't have that problem .
===
Q: I 'd like to have internet for my computer .
A: Do you know what kind of internet you would like to get ?
Q: What are my options for the internet ?
A: You can either get dial-up or DSL .
Q: Which one would you recommend ?
A: DSL is the best choice .
Q: Why is DSL better ?
A: It 's a lot better because it does n't tie up your phone line .
Q: What exactly does that mean ?
A: Well , with dial-up your internet is connected by your phone line .
Q: That means that I ca n't use my phone and the internet at the same time , right ?
A: That 's right . You wo n't have that problem with DSL .
===
Q: I am calling about my cable service .
A: What 's the problem ?
Q: For the past week my cable has n't been working .
A: I apologize , but the cable has been down lately .
Q: Do you know when it is going to start working again ?
A: Give it a couple days , and it should be back on .
Q: Will I still have to pay for the cable while it 's not working ?
A: Since it 's not working , I 'm going to give you a credit .
Q: So I do n't have to pay anything ?
A: You wo n't pay anything until your service starts working again .
Q: Okay , thank you very much for your help .
A: No problem . Thank you for being so understanding .
===
Q: I have a question about my cable .
A: What do you need ?
Q: I have n't been able to use my cable service for the past week .
A: Right now the cable is n't working .
Q: Could you tell me when the cable will be back on ?
A: The cable should be running again in a couple of days .
Q: In the meantime , do I still have to pay for the cable ?
A: We 'll just give you a credit for the inconvenience .
Q: Does that mean I wo n't have to pay for it ?
A: It 'll be free until it comes back on .
Q: Thanks , I appreciate your help .
A: Thank you for all your patience .
===
Q: I have a problem with my cable .
A: What about it ?
Q: My cable has been out for the past week or so .
A: The cable is down right now . I am very sorry .
Q: When will it be working again ?
A: It should be back on in the next couple of days .
Q: Do I still have to pay for the cable ?
A: We 're going to give you a credit while the cable is down .
Q: So , I do n't have to pay for it ?
A: No , not until your cable comes back on .
Q: Thanks for everything .
A: You 're welcome , and thank you for your understanding .
===
Q: I need somebody to come over and fix my internet .
A: What 's wrong with it ?
Q: For some reason it 's just not connecting .
A: How long have you been having this problem ?
Q: It has n't been working the past few days .
A: Does the internet come up at all ?
Q: It does , but it wo n't connect to anything .
A: Well , the internet is n't down , so there must be something wrong with your connection .
Q: Could you send someone to fix it today ?
A: I 'll send somebody over right away to fix it .
Q: When will they be here ?
A: They should be there in the next hour .
===
Q: I need to get my internet fixed .
A: What 's the problem with your internet ?
Q: It wo n't connect .
A: How long has this been happening ?
Q: This connection problem has been happening for a few days now .
A: The internet does n't come up at all ?
Q: It just wo n't connect to a webpage , but it will pop up .
A: There 's obviously a problem with your connection .
Q: I 'm going to need someone to come and fix it for me .
A: I can send somebody right now to fix it .
Q: How long will it take for them to get here ?
A: They 'll be there in about an hour .
===
Q: Can you send someone to fix my internet ?
A: Are you having a problem with it ?
Q: My internet is having problems connecting .
A: Can you tell me how long your internet has been messing up ?
Q: I 've been having this problem for the last few days .
A: Will the internet even pop up ?
Q: It 'll pop up , but it wo n't connect to a webpage .
A: Since the internet is n't broken , your connection must be messed up .
Q: Do you think you can send somebody over to fix it ?
A: If you 'd like , I can send someone to fix it right now .
Q: How long will it be till they get here ?
A: It should be no longer than an hour .