Q: The doctor sent me over here to have my blood drawn .
A: Certainly , please have a seat and roll up your left sleeve .
Q: What is this blood test for ?
A: Well , today your doctor wants us to check your white blood cell count .
Q: What does the blood test result tell him ?
A: Well , if it is elevated , you might have an infection .
Q: Will the blood test hurt ?
A: It is only a little pin stick . I am going to put a tourniquet on your arm to puff your veins up .
Q: Ouch !
A: There we go ! I got the blood that I needed .
===
Q: My doctor says that I need a blood test .
A: I can help you with that . Just have a seat and roll up your left sleeve .
Q: What are you taking my blood for ?
A: Your doctor has requested a check of your white blood count .
Q: What information does the blood test give him ?
A: If your white blood cell count is off , it could signal an infection somewhere in your body .
Q: Is a blood test painful ?
A: I am putting a tourniquet on your arm to plump up the vein . It will only feel like a little pin prick .
Q: My God , that hurts !
A: That was it ! Thank you for coming in today .
===
Q: I came to this lab to have my blood drawn .
A: You are in the right place . Roll up your left sleeve and have a seat .
Q: What am I being tested for ?
A: Your doctor wants to know what your white blood cell count is .
Q: What does my white blood cell count tell him ?
A: Usually if your white count is off , the doctor suspects an infection .
Q: How much will the blood test hurt ?
A: It is only a pin prick . I have to put this tourniquet on your arm to make the vein easier to find .
Q: Is that my blood going into that tube ?
A: That blood that just filled the tube is all that I needed . Thanks for coming in !
===
Q: I need to make an appointment to see the doctor .
A: What seems to be the problem ?
Q: I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at .
A: Do you have a fever with that rash ?
Q: No , it just itches a lot .
A: I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday . Which would be best for you ?
Q: I need an appointment on Tuesday .
A: Fine , I am putting you down for 9:00 AM on that day . Would you like to see Dr. Smith or Dr. Jones ?
Q: I would like to see Dr. Jones .
A: I can schedule you with him with no problem . We look forward to seeing you .
===
Q: Good morning , I would like to make a doctor 's appointment .
A: Can you describe your health concern ?
Q: I have been having skin problems that are n't going away .
A: Are you in any pain ?
Q: No . Except for the rash , I feel fine .
A: Would Tuesday or Wednesday be best for you ?
Q: I would like to come in on Tuesday .
A: I will write you in for that day at 4:00 . You can see either Dr. Smith or Dr. Jones .
Q: I would like to see Dr. Smith .
A: I will write you in on that doctor 's schedule . See you then .
===
Q: I need to come in and see the doctor .
A: Are you scheduling a check-up , or are you ill ?
Q: I have really itchy skin and think I may have to have it looked at .
A: Have you been feeling any joint aches with that rash ?
Q: No , but I have a low fever .
A: I have times available for Tuesday or Wednesday . Which one would work best for you ?
Q: I want to come in on Wednesday .
A: I can fit you in on that day at 10:00 . Dr. Smith or Dr. Jones is available .
Q: I would prefer Dr. Smith .
A: You can see the doctor of your choice then , and we will see you at your scheduled appointment time .
===
Q: I have a doctor 's appointment scheduled with Dr. Smith , and I need to change it .
A: What day did you have it scheduled for ?
Q: My appointment was on Tuesday .
A: What time was it scheduled for ?
Q: It was for two o'clock in the afternoon .
A: I see your appointment . What day would you like to switch to ?
Q: I would like to switch it to next Friday .
A: What time would you like for the appointment ?
Q: I would like to come in at 10:00 in the morning .
A: Fine , I will pencil that in right now . We will see you then .
===
Q: I scheduled an appointment with Dr. Smith , and I ca n't make it on that day .
A: What day was your appointment on ?
Q: My appointment was on Monday .
A: What time had you chosen ?
Q: It was for 10:00 in the morning .
A: I am looking at your appointment right now . What day would you prefer ?
Q: I would prefer next Thursday .
A: What time would be best for you ?
Q: I want to come in at 2:00 in the afternoon .
A: I am writing you down for that time . We look forward to seeing you .
===
Q: Good morning , I made an appointment with Dr. Smith , but I have to change it .
A: When you made your appointment , what day did you choose ?
Q: My appointment was on Wednesday .
A: At what time was that appointment ?
Q: It was for 4:00 in the afternoon .
A: I can see the appointment that you had . What day do you need to change to ?
Q: I want to change to next Tuesday .
A: What time would you prefer ?
Q: I would prefer three o'clock in the afternoon .
A: I will put you down for that time . Thank you for calling to reschedule .
===
Q: Good morning , how are you doing today ?
A: I have been feeling pretty good .
Q: So , I can see by your chart that you are here for your annual physical .
A: Yes , I am playing on the tennis team this year , and they are requiring me to get a physical exam .
Q: We are basically going to check your heart , lungs , blood sugar levels , and eyes , ears , and nose .
A: I 've kind of been having problems being out of breath . Can you look at that ?
Q: Yes , I will check you for asthma , and maybe we can check you for allergies later .
A: Thank you . What will the blood test tell you ?
Q: We will be checking for blood sugar , cholesterol , and white blood cell count .
A: I have been working hard to stay healthy . I hope the tests turn out well .
===
Q: So how are we feeling today ?
A: Things are going well for me .
Q: Am I correct in thinking that you are here for your annual physical ?
A: Yes , I am applying for new health insurance , and I need a physical examination to qualify .
Q: Your basic physical exam will include lungs , heart , blood levels , and eyes , ears , and nose .
A: I 've been having a little trouble breathing . Would you look into that , please ?
Q: We can do an allergy test , and later I can send you for an asthma test .
A: I would appreciate it . When you give me a blood test , what are you looking for ?
Q: I am going to check your cholesterol , blood sugar , and white blood cell count .
A: I am expecting the tests to go well . I have been taking good care of myself .
===
Q: Nice to see you . How have you been feeling lately ?
A: I have been feeling great .
Q: I am happy that you have decided to come in for your annual physical .
A: Yes , I am going on a cross-country bike ride on vacation and want to make sure that I do n't have any problems .
Q: We are going to look at your heart and lungs , do a few blood tests , and see that your eyes , ears , and nose are all working as they should be .
A: I 've been having trouble with congestion in my chest . Can you give me some tests for that ?
Q: I can do a chest X-ray to check for congestion .
A: That would be great . What is the blood test for ?
Q: The blood test is for cholesterol , white blood cell count , and blood sugar .
A: I have been feeling great . I do n't imagine that any of my tests will turn out badly .