Q: I would like to purchase some health insurance .
A: Have you ever purchased health insurance before ?
Q: I have health insurance now , but I want to look into other choices .
A: Do you know if you are interested in an HMO or a PPO ?
Q: Could you explain the difference between HMO and PPO ?
A: To clarify it for you , with a PPO you pay more but you get to choose your own doctor .
Q: When I pay for a service , is the payment the same for a PPO or HMO ?
A: The payments are quite a bit higher for the PPO , but you can go anywhere you like .
Q: How much will an HMO cost me per month ?
A: Please go to our website and fill in the questionnaire . Once we have all of your information , we can give you a quote .
===
Q: I am calling to purchase health insurance .
A: Do you have health insurance now ?
Q: I was on my parents ' policy , but I need to start buying my own .
A: You can purchase an HMO or a PPO . Do you know what you want ?
Q: I do n't know which I want , an HMO or a PPO .
A: Let me explain it to you . An HMO is a little cheaper , but you can only choose certain doctors .
Q: When I go to the doctor , do I pay the same out-of-pocket expenses for a PPO ?
A: The payments are a little lower for an HMO as long as you go to their doctors .
Q: How much will a PPO cost me per month ?
A: We need to factor in many things . Why do n't you come in , and we will have you fill out a questionnaire .
===
Q: I need information on purchasing health insurance .
A: Is this the first time you have had health insurance ?
Q: This is my first time buying health insurance .
A: You have a choice of HMO or PPO . Do you understand the difference ?
Q: I am not sure what HMO and PPO are .
A: Just so you understand completely : An HMO is a little cheaper , but you have limited choices of which doctor you choose .
Q: If I need to use my insurance , are the payments the same for a PPO and HMO ?
A: By going to the providers on the HMO list , you save money in out-of-pocket expenses .
Q: Can you give me a comparison between a PPO and an HMO ?
A: We can mail you a questionnaire and when we have all of your information , we will mail you a quote .
===
Q: Good morning , is this Papaya ?
A: You are speaking with Papaya . How can I help you ?
Q: Papaya , this is Malia , and I need to call in sick today .
A: What seems to be the problem ?
Q: I went hiking and have terrible poison oak .
A: When did you get that ?
Q: I think I got it on Saturday , but it just showed up today .
A: What are you doing for it ?
Q: The doctor prescribed an ointment and gave me a shot .
A: Good . You probably should be much better by tomorrow .
===
Q: May I speak to Papaya , please ?
A: This is Papaya you are speaking with . What can I do for you ?
Q: Hi , Papaya , this is Malia , and I will not be coming to work today .
A: What is wrong with you ?
Q: I have really bad poison oak and ca n't stop itching .
A: How long have you had it ?
Q: I 've had it a few days , but the rash really got bad last night .
A: How have you been treating it ?
Q: I have some lotion that the doctor gave me , as well as an antihistamine .
A: That should work . I 'll see you tomorrow when you return to work .
===
Q: I would like to speak with Papaya .
A: This is Papaya . How may I help you ?
Q: Papaya , this is Malia , and I am afraid that I am feeling a bit under the weather .
A: Do you know what the problem is ?
Q: I have a horrible rash from poison oak .
A: Have you had it a long time ?
Q: The doctor said that I probably have had it a few days .
A: Have you been using anything for it ?
Q: I bought some over-the-counter lotion , and I am taking an antihistamine .
A: That will probably take care of your symptoms . I 'll see you tomorrow .
===
Q: I have a doctor 's appointment scheduled with Dr. Smith , and I need to change it .
A: What day did you have it scheduled for ?
Q: My appointment was on Tuesday .
A: What time was it scheduled for ?
Q: It was for two o'clock in the afternoon .
A: I see your appointment . What day would you like to switch to ?
Q: I would like to switch it to next Friday .
A: What time would you like ?
Q: I would like to come in at 10:00 in the morning .
A: Fine , I will pencil that in right now . We will see you then .
===
Q: I scheduled an appointment with Dr. Smith , and I ca n't make it on that day .
A: What day was your appointment on ?
Q: My appointment was on Monday .
A: What time had you chosen ?
Q: It was for 10:00 in the morning .
A: I am looking at your appointment right now . What day would you prefer ?
Q: I would prefer next Thursday .
A: What time would be best for you ?
Q: I want to come in at 2:00 in the afternoon .
A: I am writing you down for that time . We look forward to seeing you .
===
Q: Good morning , I made an appointment with Dr. Smith , but I have to change it .
A: When you made your appointment , what day did you choose ?
Q: My appointment was on Wednesday .
A: At what time was that appointment ?
Q: It was for 4:00 in the afternoon .
A: I can see the appointment that you had . What day do you need to change to ?
Q: I want to change to next Tuesday .
A: What time would you prefer ?
Q: I would prefer three o'clock in the afternoon .
A: I will put you down for that time . Thank you for calling to reschedule .
===
Q: Sorry to bother you , but I was wondering if you could drive me to the emergency room .
A: Of course . What is the problem ?
Q: I am running a really high fever of 105 degrees , and I have a rash on my stomach .
A: If you can , go and unlock the back door , so I can get in when I get there if you fall asleep .
Q: I can do that when I get off of the phone .
A: Do you know where your driver 's license and insurance card are ?
Q: I already had them out before I called you .
A: Where is your nearest emergency room ?
Q: It 's just a few blocks away .
A: Fine , I am on my way . I 'll be there in about five minutes .
===
Q: I hate to call you this late at night , but could you possibly help me get to the emergency room ?
A: We will come right over . What happened ?
Q: My temperature went up to 105 , and I have a rash !
A: Make sure that someone unlocks the back door , so I can get in if you fall asleep before I get there .
Q: I will do that in a minute , and make sure you can get in .
A: Also make sure that you have your insurance card and driver 's license where we can grab them .
Q: I know right where they both are .
A: Is there an emergency room near you ?
Q: It is on the other side of town , next to city hall .
A: I am on my way . Give me ten minutes and I 'll get to you .
===
Q: I really need your help and want to know if you could drive me to the emergency room .
A: I will take you there right away . What is wrong ?
Q: I woke up with a rash and a temperature of 105 !
A: I want to be able to get to you when I get there . If you can unlock the back door right now , that would be great .
Q: I will make sure that I do that before you get here .
A: Also , make sure that we have your driver 's license and insurance card before we leave for the emergency room .
Q: I am getting them out while I am speaking to you .
A: Do you know where your nearest emergency room is ?
Q: It is near the bridge that crosses over the river .
A: I am driving to you even as we speak . Hang in there !